text:So can you tell me about a time either in this this life in general, but either in this position, or maybe your previous positions where you maybe ran into someone through professionally, that, you know, was having a rough time, and maybe it was a difficult time, and you had to kind of work them through that situation and what you did, what the outcome was or what you learn from it.\nThere been so many times that I feel good about the work that I do that I've heard that I have helped someone. So it's hard to pinpoint just one, but there is a client that comes to mind. And of course, I won't give too many specific details. But I felt like we kind of gave her a makeover in her life, because she, she came for a divorce, and from an abusive husband. And we got we helped her get a divorce. And unfortunately, she went back to her abusive husband, and continue to be in an awful situation, and financially ruined, and came back for another divorce in we helped her again, and this time, we helped her to get a bankruptcy to clear her credits. We helped her to clear her record. And we helped her to get her driver's license back, which was just a mess of why it had even been taken away in the first place. And helped her get child support from her abusive husband, so that she could support her five children. So I think about her and you know, she always asked for me when she would call, and I'm not sure why except I guess I was just patient with her. And she always had problems getting her documents together. And, you know, I was always being creative and how I can help serve her. And she always had to walk or catch the bus anytime because she had no driver's license. So it was a challenge. But I felt like we you know, we helped her get her life back on track.	labels:That's wonderful. And so in that situation and and other situations such as that, what do you think was the hallmark of success that allowed her to ask for you? And she called and, you know, what, what were your characteristics that you think you displayed to her? Well, I
text:delivered on what I promised. And when she called him and asked her things, sometimes multiple times the same documents that she might misplace or she didn't get or something got spilled on them. So you know, if she needed another copy of something, I got it to her, even after she was no longer our client, and she still needed the document, at the end of her bankruptcy to the certificate to show that she had discharged her debts. She needed it a couple of times since then. And she you know, she knows that she can I will deliver on what I promise. So I think that's why she asked for me.	labels:Okay, excellent. Excellent, good, good. So where do you see yourself saying the next five years?	episode_done:True
text:Okay, so I've heard of quite a few companies. Can you give an example of what you do?\nYes, that is a really great experience for me, because I can see a lot of classes people because I work at Roy Thompson Hall and the typical like Bell boss, especially the typical light Bell box is a p&i and pen it means a press and industry. So I can see the main industry, the filmmakers, and the press, and the Reuters know there is a specialist in the really uppercross really rich person.	labels:what exactly did you do?	episode_done:True
text:so, let's say you want to add some user, right? Unless your account, there is an ad account API. And then you have to it's a post call. And then you have to pass a huge JSON, let's see there are around 60, 70 attributes are there in your Jason?\nWas there q was the query parameter or a	labels:very parameter query parameter. As for the get call, I'm talking about for the post call, you have to set a huge payload, a big payload with the Jason request, with the HTTP request that you are passing it. Right. Have you like, have you ever used like posts or classes or something like this? What classes bozo p Oh, j. o. p bozo classes in Java? or Java? Right?
text:Yes, of course, your code your classes?	labels:I don't even know what.
text:So project classes, it's also that classes I can put the my right that variables, right that variables or I can store all the variables and go through the through those if it's sent out.	labels:So do you understand what do you mean by a serialization and deserialization?	episode_done:True
text:Well said Well said, if you have any questions for me?\nI do. What is your current projects that you guys are working on?	labels:Oh, we actually are opening a new location. So that's what we've been in charge of you are getting a position.	episode_done:True
text:What interests you have in our unit?\nOh, well, I been working on your unit for the past six months or so. And I really enjoyed your unit, you know, the employees and the staff here are extremely helpful help each other, I can really see the coordination team synergy amongst you guys. And the management, upper management has been extremely helpful and helping me know structuring the issues along with the rest of the staff. So that's pretty much the main reason why	labels:that's great. Can you tell me what, what your goals are, say, five, five years from now,
text:what my goals are? I would say like in about one or two years, you know, I would like to get enough experience on the floor to get my OCN. And because, you know, it's, I do really do like the unit, we don't do like the patient population. Right. And as a result, I want to, you know, treat them as long as, as long as I can. Right. But, um, later on down the road. I'm not, I'm not really sure yet.	labels:Okay. That's great. Can you tell me what your professors would say is your greatest strength?	episode_done:True
text:That's good. David, shall we start?\nYeah, sure.	labels:First of all, let me introduce myself. I am the manager of our engineering department here and we have an open position, so we have been interviewing applicants to fill the position as quickly as possible.
text:Yes sir, I read about the position on your website, and I think I am a good fit.	labels:We currently have several ongoing projects and the team is working hard. We are hoping to keep busy for a long time.
text:What are the essential qualifications required for the position?	labels:This is an entry-level engineering position, we do provide a lot of training here. But we do require that you have at least a bachelors degree in computer engineering. Previous experience in the field is a plus.
text:What kind of experience would you count as a work in the field?	labels:Even though we provide training, it would be great if you had some hands-on programming experience, knowledge of database systems or skills on developing applications.
text:My final school project was actually developing a mobile application, so I am fairly competent in developing mobile and web applications.	labels:That's good to hear, which school did you graduate from?	episode_done:True
text:Describe your personality to me?\nWell, I'm a dedicated worker and a people person. I enjoy working as a team. I also like to be in contact with the public.	labels:Can you tell me something about yourself?	episode_done:True
text:Are you the leader? Or you're just part of the team?\nThat's that situation didn't have the leader? Well, we just separate our Should we do I was responsible to find a place I was responsible for the money to receive the money from the students. So we justified basically, it took a leadership role. Yeah.	labels:Now, in those three people that want do one person pulled their weight didn't do as much as the other two.	episode_done:True
text:Why do you want to work here?\nI want the challenge of working at a large international firm.	labels:Why should we hire you over another person?	episode_done:True
text:absolutely. And so you mentioned that you'd like to write down the feelings behind that. So is that something you do often? And why do you think that reflection is an important skill as a doctor?\nWell, that's an interesting question. So I think that is important for me, because it helps me see why I am procrastinating or why I'm not doing the job that I'm trying to get done. And I think that by looking at sort of the reasons behind that, that allows me to sort of combat them rather than be distracted by the task itself. And I think reflection and sort of improvement is really critical in medicine, because it allows clinicians to constantly be thinking about ways in which they can continue to develop their skills, their communication. And given how fast paced or how stressful a lot of medicine is, you might not get that time while you're in a consultation, it might be something that you have to think about afterwards. And kind of consider how it might work if there was a different patient in the room, or how you might have to sort of change the way that you communicate with somebody if, for example, English wasn't their first language.	labels:Yeah, absolutely. very valid points. So Elizabeth, for your third question, this is going to be a bit of an ethical dilemma, as I'm sure you're aware, we face many of these in medicine every single day. And this one today concerns two patients that are both in need of a lung transplant. The first is a 12 year old girl who has cystic fibrosis, which is a chronic condition that affects your lungs. And the second patient that concerns a 62 year old chronic smoker who has a wife and two children, and he has very damaged lungs from smoking. So who in your opinion should get the organ because there is only one organ available?
text:Well, obviously, that's a really difficult and horrible situation. But it does sort of go to show that there's sort of our decisions being made, where resources have to be put one way and not another. And so I don't have an immediate answer. But if you don't mind, I'm gonna work through what I'm thinking and then hopefully, it will come to a conclusion. So I guess, in terms of the ethical principles behind sort of medicine, and there's autonomy, which is like the patient's right to choose. So it's, it's a really hard situation. And but I think given the the age of the patients, I would probably give it to the younger to the child who was suffering with cystic fibrosis, if other considerations couldn't, and sort of if there were no other treatments available.	labels:Yeah, absolutely. I think, as you mentioned, it's a very difficult scenario. And I don't think there is any right or wrong answer. But as you highlighted, it's so important that we don't discriminate based on, you know, the fact that he is a smoker, and you could argue it's a self inflicted disease, because that's not how we make decisions in medicine at all. We treat people with equal fairness, no matter what. So really nice answer. Thank you. Okay. So moving on to your fourth question, I want to show you an object and you're going to describe to me what that object is and how I use it. Because let's pretend I've never seen this object before. What is this? And how would you explain how to use it to me though,	episode_done:True
text:So you are saying that you have around 350 test cases in regression? So what is the percentage for passing percentage? Is it 100%? passing? Or are you getting some failures as well?\nOf course we do. We do have the failures. And then on the Jenkins, we have the report, nice report that shows that all the screenshots, what, what test was failed. And then, of course,	labels:how many test cases are getting paid on average,
text:for regression? Maybe 50, 60.	labels:To 60%, or 60?
text:Live is count like a maybe a 10, the maximum may be 20% 20%.	labels:So these are getting failed. So that's an application issue or an issue with your script.	episode_done:True
text:What are your salary requirements?\nI'm looking for at least 30,000.	labels:This position starts at 35,000. Is this okay?	episode_done:True
text:What are your thoughts on you know, you've got some good theoretical knowledge and coupled hardware and software as you obviously cannot change cards and drives etc, etc. What would be the advantages of hiring you full time as opposed to outsourcing and just you know, calling them up and replacing?\nWell, having someone in your company you I have someone dedicated to it that knows that company really well. So they will know about the needs and main problems about the company. It's not like hiring someone else which comes from upsize, they are told so and they will do something. It may be billing for the company, but it's not a good thing to do for more dedication and schedule of revising and updating and taking care of the system, the branch.	labels:So how do you prioritize the work that needs to be done in it? hardware software issues pop up all the time? Yes. So if the president of the company would phone and say hey, my PC is not working, or the security server went down, which Good, what's a priority? And how would you manage completing both?	episode_done:True
text:And what's your greatest weakness?\nI would probably have to say probably my strength, because it would you know, little details. Everything needs to be flawless.	labels:You're very focused on every little I got that that's actually a really important quality to have for the people that work in the position that you do. So that's actually not a weakness to us. What are you the most proud of?	episode_done:True
text:So how have you adapted to the online? Have you had to use that a lot in your current position?\nYeah, we're doing most of our meetings by zoom. Some of the attorneys are even doing their hearings by zoom. We've done a lot of webinars with goto meeting. So all different platforms, it's just our life now. Yeah.	labels:Yeah. So have you felt disconnected from your current employer? Or what ways have you taken steps to remain connected?
text:Well, we've actually increased the number of meetings that we have each week. Normally, we would have one meeting on Mondays for case handlers, which I participate in. And then that would be it support staff would have a meeting every three weeks, I believe. But now we're having weekly support staff meetings, because the support staff are kind of the the skeleton of the crew right now. keeping things going at the office. While most most of the case handlers are working remotely. Lots more meetings and emails to keep everyone, every all of the cases moving forward.	labels:Sure. Sure. So which, do you have a preference? Do you like the traditional going to the office everyday face to face?	episode_done:True
text:So what are your strengths?\nmy strengths are hardworking and persistence. I have an ability to inspire, organize and direct people.	labels:Sounds great. Okay, that's enough, I think. Well, Mr. Darcy, do you have any questions for us?
text:Well, yes. Does this job usually lead to other positions at the company?	labels:Sure. I can't see why not. It's up to you, Mr. Darcy. Anything else?	episode_done:True
text:Are you comfortable with the basics of collections?\nYes.	labels:Okay. So can you tell me the difference between hashmap and hash set?
text:hash map is that was decades consists of key and value. hash map we can achieve through the iterator. And key value as I said key has a null value. No null. And then value can be any, any value. Hash set.	labels:Okay, internal hazard. Let's take hash table. Have you ever heard about it? hash table?
text:hash table? Yeah. Yes.	labels:So tell me the difference between table and hashmap.	episode_done:True
text:Hi. I'm Emely and I say you who would be your interviewer today.\nAll right. Sounds good.	labels:All right. So the way that this interview is gonna work? Basically, I've got a series of different questions that I'll ask you. And I'm gonna be taking notes throughout this time to kind of gather, you know, my assessment as we're going along. So don't feel like I'm not paying attention or anything. But just a little bit about myself. I've been with Cerner for about eight years now and got in there on the recruiting team. And I've been in a couple different roles throughout that time and graduated from the University of Nebraska, and really enjoyed Cerner thus far. So, okay, what about yourself? Can you give me an overview of kind of your background and, and kind of experiences that relate to disposition?
text:Okay, well, I'm really involved in dancing, not really so much in school, because that's where all my time goes to dancing. And then I really like animals. I'm a big kitty and puppy person. And I like to run and hang out with my friends. I really love just like going shopping all day long with my friends and hanging out with them all.	labels:Sounds fun. So we'll start getting now into some of more of the kind of situational questions they have. So reflect about a time that you had a problem and how you solve that little bit about that?
text:Well, one of the other members of fbla kept planning events that weren't within our budget and committing us to payments. So this happened a few times, and over the course of the first semester, really put us into a difficult situation. And I decided that it needed to be addressed. So I approached him to understand why they kept doing this, you know, kind of telling me that they wanted to the group to be more involved. And I asked him, you know, what we could do to try to, you know, that it was great that we went to get more involved, but you know, had to explain that, you know, we didn't have the money for it. So asked him if he'd be able to, you know, maybe come to me in the future as the treasurer to, you know, before committing to these events. And we also came up with a plan together to introduce to others in the group regarding fundraising activities, we can bring in more money to be able to do some of these events.	labels:Right, so it sounds like it was a good outcome, then. Oh, yeah. Great. Okay, so we're going to move into some of the specific questions. Okay. How about a time when you had a problem? And how did you how did you solve it? What was your approach?
text:Well, I've noticed that sometimes my parents and I don't always get along, a lot of yelling can go on from time to time. So honestly, the way I saw that I just, I just go up into my room, hang out for a few hours, let them calm down and come back and pretend like nothing happened. That happened quite often. situation you're dealing with, from time to time, not too often.	labels:So, john, describe a time when you had to work on a team with a challenging team member.
text:Okay. Well, I think about that. There was a time when the Spanish club was putting together a fundraiser for school with our school fair, and there were three of us they volunteered to plan, you know, our event. And we came up with the idea to do a carnival game where contestants would pay $1 for three ring toss onto, you know, a group of bottles. And one of our teammates who was helping out with the project didn't take care of kind of their, their part in the planning.	labels:Okay, so how, how did you respond to the person that wasn't doing what they were supposed to do? Basically?	episode_done:True
text:so go ahead and just explain then how the HTTP protocol works, kind of just the handshake for that, since you're more familiar with that.\nI mean, how the the front end send the request to the back end. HTV?	labels:Just a quick overview of that.
text:Well, let me let me think about that. So first, I'm actually I haven't dived into the how detail with HTTP works, I just	labels:thought I was just really looking for here is just kind of that it's a request response protocol. Whereas you have like a client server type model, whereas the web browser will be the client. And it actually makes a request in which is just an HTTP message to the server. The server interprets this, and returns back with the format that it sees fit, depending on the route that it could be, and it could return back stuff like an HTML file, or a, an image file or maybe even some JSON response, and different kinds of codes that can be, you know, deemed like a 200 means that everything was okay. And we're going to return back some data or a 403, where you're not authorized to actually hit that endpoint or a 404. Where that doesn't exist. Okay. Okay. All right. Are you familiar at all with cougars?
text:horse?  I think you might, in my process development, I've looked up some information about course, but I'm not sure I remember all of them. But as far as I know, of course is to is a kind of policy that protects the Alright guys from the other side to attack the, the NG site. So and I think there are several definitions for how to how to define f f, this request source is different from the from the response stored, including the port number and URL, URL address. And I think that there there are five in total, but I can't remember them all. Yes.	labels:On the right path. So it's just, yeah, exactly what you've said here, it's just a, it's just a policy or a procedure for allowing, like the service to describe the, the, the request that's coming in and preventing things like other origins, so maybe like preventing your website from being, like sharing resources between another endpoint, so you're preventing another website from hitting yours as well. So right on there, okay, cool. All right. So switching a little bit a little bit here to more specific JavaScript, you explained that this keyword to me, okay, so	episode_done:True
text:So without the motor driver, how will you wait, exactly will pass the hub you are in?\nYes. So it's a Yeah, right. Yeah, you're correct. It's and the remote WebDriver. I'm just confused with the local. Yes.	labels:Passing some desired capabilities. So there, right.
text:Yeah, just Arabic Capita capabilities. Right.	labels:Okay, nobody's. So have you used some Selenium grid earlier? Let's see. I don't want to use Sauce Labs. I want to set up my own Selenium grid.
text:I never used Selenium grid, but I know the concept. It's that.	labels:Can you tell me a quick concept about Selenium grid? What do you understand by grid?	episode_done:True
text:Do you want to work in Canada? Or do you want to go back to Brazil?\nI want to work in Canada. Okay. Yeah.	labels:That's wonderful. Just in a few words, why?	episode_done:True
text:Where are you looking to be in terms of compensation?\nOkay, well, I mean, I'm pretty open, obviously, on when I was full time at product, I was at about seven UK. So I would like to keep it in that range. If possible. I am open to firms. So I would like to, you know, also open up to an hourly salary before I got a, you know, permanent salary. So I would like for that to equate to my previous salary if possible. Obviously, I'm open, because I'm currently not working. But ideally, let's say I would be looking for about 32 an hour hourly and a 70k. Salary conversion.	labels:Fantastic. Okay, great. Well, I really appreciate you coming in. Do you have any questions for me?	episode_done:True
text:Okay, and can you tell me what you feel your greatest strength is?\nmy greatest strength would probably have to be my attention to detail. I'm really like a big perfectionist, every little thing matters.	labels:Okay. And what's your greatest weakness?	episode_done:True
text:I'm actually a Penn State graduate as well. Um, can you tell me what your greatest strength is Kelsey?\nMy greatest strength would definitely be that I'm a team player. I've grown up with brothers and sisters and on several teams growing up. So I really know how to work well with people.	labels:What's your greatest weakness?	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any examples of your strengths at work?\nYes. When I was managing At charter entrance, we had a very important quota deadline. I wouldn't stop working. We met the quota. I talked to the staff and we all work really hard to meet the deadline.	labels:What about your greatest weakness?	episode_done:True
text:We actually are opening a new location. So that's what we've been in charge of you are getting a position.\nThanks. And yes, how many locations do you currently have?	labels:we are weever fifth now we'll be opening our six. Anything else?.
text:When will I be able to hear from you?	labels:I actually had my assistant contact you within a week.	episode_done:True
text:the difference between background and hooks in cucumber?\nbackground and hooks are so in the hooks as was before annotation, I can set up the driver and then as a home driver, and then background, I can put it like condition that is like my scenario will be run each time when my first ground will be around for the each scenarios.	labels:Okay, so hooks will be defined inside. And in the form of code, or hooks, I have to define inside my feature file.
text:I know I have another focus separate class.	labels:So can I define? Can I write my hooks in my feature file? Is it possible?
text:I never did that. But	labels:what do you think? Because hooks means available in the form of ad read before an ad right after? Yes. In my feature file?	episode_done:True
text:Thank you. Thank you. So how would you handle stress and pressure in this role?\nUser: If things are going wrong. The only way that you can get through them is by having a clear mind. So you have to communicate clearly. You have to be calm and composed and you also have to have a positive mindset. The only way that you can get through stressful situations is if you are positive and you work together, draw on other people's experiences as part of your team. And then you can achieve anything you want to in a role. So I actually prefer to work under stress and pressure.	labels:Thank you, Richard, can you tell me about a time where you provide excellent customer service?	episode_done:True
text:And am I correct? I noticed on your resume that you assist a lot with like, the whole expungement process. And so that's definitely a method of helping.\nYes, yes, that is the program that I am in right now.	labels:So what has been your biggest challenge in say, the transition to the legal field from social work?
text:Well, there's a lot of specific knowledge that I needed to gain. And research is completely different in the legal world than it was in social services. And the writing style is different. I actually started out in journalism, so I was an AP style person. And it evolved. So now my writing is a lot different than that. So I had to learn that was one of the biggest challenges was learning the lingo and all of the different writing styles and specific laws that I need to know.	labels:So, um, in in, what made you choose to come to south or to go to southwestern Illinois College, then because you work down in Carbondale, correct?
text:That's correct. I want to how can I say this? My education is kind of a hobby as much as it is a career path. So I wanted to continue working. And financially, you know, that made the most sense, of course, to continue working and go part time, the University in Carbondale only offers day classes. So Swick offers evening classes and online classes. So that made sense for me, it was more economical, and I could continue working during the day.	labels:Excellent, excellent. So, um, so what made you decide to transition from journalism to your previous career in social services?	episode_done:True
text:Hi, Richard, welcome to the interview.\nThank you.	labels:How would you journey here today?	episode_done:True
text:And so now what areas do you enjoy the most? Or did you Is it this event scheduling you were just talking about? Or is there more or less to it?\nMy favorite is the actual application actually dealing with the client, face to face person to person I really like Like I said, I'm creative. I like to be able to show the client what I can do I get a lot of young girls come in, they don't know what you know, they're still starting out and they don't really know what they're doing. Or I'll get very a lot of older women who come in and you know, they don't know what to do either. So I like to kind of teach other people what I've learned through my experiences, besides you know, being stuck behind the desk or something like that. So I really like the hands on experiences the best	labels:So what did you find challenging about the job.	episode_done:True
text:Um, so how does node j.s handle child threads?\nChild threads? I'm not clear about that. Okay.	labels:Yeah, we can go right at the end. But basically, no j s is really a single threaded process.
text:Wait a minute, sir. So a thread do you mean? So as far as I'm my understanding to a Node JS has a you utilize the JavaScript callback to to to handle with this kind of situation? So yeah, generally received event and put off the event handlers in a stat and whenever that that, that status. Yeah, whenever you some some sentence, or Kim says, We need that stack to to execute that function, we will execute the best function to the event, event listener or handler. Something like that.	labels:Very, yeah, very good. So one last question here. So typically, like, basically like community published modules, that kind of stuff, and no js, what is typically, what is the best practice? For the first argument passed into a Node JS callback handler?
text:Excuse me, sir. can you repeat the Question?	labels:What is typically the first argument passed to a Node JS callback handler. Now this isn't required.	episode_done:True
text:What experience have you had?\nI'm not quite experienced, but I'll be totally here to learn about it and help the company if I want to do it.	labels:Have you had any experience with SQL Server?
text:SQL Server?	labels:Okay. What about any of the other OSS like Linux?
text:Unix? Yes, I have applied to be the experience for Linux.	labels:Okay. Can you tell me where specifically?	episode_done:True
text:To date, what would you say is your greatest professional achievement?\nPersonally, becoming a teacher earning a master's degree, those have all been wonderful experiences for me. But the greatest achievement would have to be working with young people, and helping them get a little bit better at communicating with the world around them.	labels:Chris, can you tell me about a challenge or conflict that you've faced in the workplace, and how you would deal with it?	episode_done:True
text:Okay. What do you think it takes to be a good employee?\na good employee showing up to work on time. Being there as a team member, knowing your job, knowing your job, knowing your job, if you don't know the job, ask questions. Don't sit there. Like I'm not on a log and not ask the question. And I truly believe in taking stuff initiative, you know, to bring something to the table.	labels:Okay. Well, Tamra, do you have any questions of me?	episode_done:True
text:Because there's another gap between la cobia and product from 2016. You know, 2016, July to October. So I think that that will be helpful to whoever's interviewing you, aside from me. So you want to backtrack before you are in fashion? It looks like you've touched on finance, which is awesome with one cobia. So can you tell me a little bit about that, and how you decided to get into fashion?\nWell, we'll call via, yes, that was an opportunity that I actually got through a connection I was very lucky to have. So I kind of just got in the throes of it. And what I really, really liked about cobia is how quickly, you know, business is very quick there. And I feel like in fashion, it's actually very similar. You know, things are usually very quick. You're dealing with multiple departments with different people. And I was actually recruited by product. So that's why I just made the move. And yeah, that's how I just ended up in fashion. And I ended up today. And I have to say, I wonder.	labels:Fantastic. All right, great. So I asked, my last question I would have for you is where are you looking to be in terms of compensation?	episode_done:True
text:So how do you prioritize the work that needs to be done in it? hardware software issues pop up all the time? Yes. So if the president of the company would phone and say hey, my PC is not working, or the security server went down, which Good, what's a priority? And how would you manage completing both?\nwe first we have to shut down all the connections around the branch, so we don't have chances of invasion or outside from dangerous, then we will prioritize, we checked make server, which is the master computer, check if it's properly connected with the older computers in the network. And then we will check out the computer which had the problem. So we will see, fix the problem. And then we will restart the network again.	labels:You realize that our organization has a huge network, not something one person can do all by itself, our department currently has about 25 technicians on board because not only do we do it on site, but we also manage it by remote guests. So how would you you know, based on time zones, and based on availability, you know, this job is 24? Seven, you're on call?	episode_done:True
text:So from your resume, I can see you have done very well. And obviously, you've done well. Professionally, you've done well, in your education. What advice would you give to say, new paralegal student or student in general? What are some of the keys to success that you think are necessary?\nproofreading would be the first thing that is so important, because it like inevitably you're going to have corrections. But if you are your pay attention to detail, listen to instructions carefully. Don't get too excited about your assignment that you stop listening, and, and take notes. Because at the time, it may all make sense. But then when you get back to your desk, you're like Oh, my gosh, what did they tell me to do? So you listen, carefully, take good notes, and proofread everything before you give it to the attorney, that will save you some red ink and time later having to go back and make those corrections when you're trying to get something else done.	labels:Excellent. Excellent. I, I couldn't agree more. And even when you're proofreading and you're reading it, sometimes you're looking at and you're like, I know this looks wrong, but I can't figure out why. You know, so. It's amazing. Excellent. Excellent. Well, do you have any questions for me?	episode_done:True
text:Okay. But who will decide that okay, you are not having any issues with your code.\nThe QA lead decides that	labels:how they will decide this
text:I'm I'm requesting I'm creating the pull request. And the reason why I sent them my qR leader, she's reviewing that test and she's merging to the origin master.	labels:Yeah. So instead of pushing directly to the master, you will push it to the branch, a separate branch, and then you will raise a pull request, right?
text:Yes.	labels:Okay, fine. So you are using Jenkins as well? Are you like involved with your ci CD pipeline? Do you know how to create the CH, ri pipelines?	episode_done:True
text:So what ways that have you collaborated in your job or during your time and older with like your co workers or managers to work together more efficiently?\nYeah, we're all a very tight knit little squad on our little alto family. So there aren't a whole lot of employees. So it's a very family community connected kind of feeling. We all are very open with each other. We know way more about each other than we probably should. Yeah, we can tell each other anything. I don't feel uncomfortable going to anybody with anything. It's very, very open door policy at all.	labels:So now I'm looking for a time, if you could give me one where you actually demonstrated your customer service skills, if you can think back to like maybe one specific.	episode_done:True
text:So we'll just jump right in. Thanks for bringing a copy of your resume. I actually had a chance to review it. So I want to ask you a couple questions, if you don't mind. So first thing is it looks like you were in a temporary role with YouTube, correct?\nYes.	labels:How was your position there? What did what were you doing day to day? What were the things you were pushing?	episode_done:True
text:So what experience did you gain from this?\nAt first, I learned about customer service, because I'm not native speaker. So that is like a bit of difficulty but I can learn some customer service how to make a great decision for the customer. And secondly, as a team worker, that is kind of teamwork, teamwork player so that team was really variety in the nationality and are really variety of age. So I can learn about something later and time management.	labels:So you're applying to be an in store marketing associate. what exactly do you believe that position matters?	episode_done:True
text:We here at Rei, you know it is being in customer service, there are aspects of your job that are going to be a little less active than I could expect. You being in a teaching position where I assume you're on your feet more one on one face to face with individuals. Do you prefer a specific type of work environment? Do you thrive in a variety of work environments? And what does this look like?\nWell, I thrive in a variety of work environments, I wouldn't expect to be sitting in a cubicle interacting with customers unless I'm handling a phone call. And that's fine. That's part of the job. But what I would expect is to be actively engaged with the customers who come into the store, and helping show them the products that might best suit their needs and introducing them to products that they might not have considered before. So what I've expected to be up moving around and being consistently engaged with a customer, or trying to find ways to improve what we offer to our customers.	labels:Can you describe a time for me ever that you may have disagreed on a decision that was made for you and staff members at work? And how did you deal with this?	episode_done:True
text:Can you tell me a quick concept about Selenium grid? What do you understand by grid?\nIt's for the parallel execution where is the hub controller? And I know like node but I never Here's the Selenium grid some,	labels:okay, nobody's, that's fine. Okay. So you are using cucumber framework with Java. So tell me that what is how will you design a proper cucumber feature file? Do you follow any good practices like when to use given when to use when? So tell me like, what are the best practices to design a feature file?
text:Okay, so the best design of the future files is doing the scenario to have the patient we can say right that when given First of all, given then we have to get the explanation What are we going to do, and then given as a, then, then when we can use them, then it's gonna go into the house that when and then then, so then we can also use between them. And so also we have, we have background on the, we can separate like a background to look a bit each year, it's more like I'm not consciously to use those background. So and then, on the futures I have data table, where it could create the data table, and I use it also scenarios I have visa example. outline. So exact scenario outline was examples. So it very also reusable, and then it's it's like making your code clean	labels:the difference between background and hooks in cucumber?	episode_done:True
text:Are you for what diagnostic software? Are you familiar with to support the hardware needs?\nDoes this ever less program? And he actually check out the networks and the problems inside the computer as well.	labels:When I asked you about the application software, you talked about the older versions of the Windows, Windows based OS. Does that include Exchange Server? It does that include Exchange Server?
text:May you rephrase that?	labels:Okay. When I asked you about applications, you were referring to Microsoft only, yes, OSS? 98. Whatever it is, and up to VISTA sort of thing, Windows seven and eight now. So these are operating systems. And in terms of networking. Have you had any experience with Microsoft Exchange Server?	episode_done:True
text:Let me ask this final question. Or do you have any questions for us?\nWell, I mentioned a couple times about being interested in helping grow a market for Rei. I'm just curious as a new employee, or someone starting out on the lower level, how open is upper management hearing the ideas of an employee?	labels:We do try to have monthly meetings where we meet with a variety of employees at random. So these aren't things that are necessarily scheduled, but regularly they're very, they're very semi annual. They're very informal. We do like to hear our employees opinions about our products, especially and about marketing. One thing that we don't necessarily do is the lower level positions that are dealing maybe with collections or you know, the intake and distribution of customer service calls. We don't necessarily talk to that group of employees very often. But I'd be very interested to hear your opinions on that. Should you be hired for the position and maybe ways that we can do better as well by reaching a larger group of our employees to benefit our company.
text:Okay. And then last question, for me, what from your perspective is the best part about working for Rei.	labels:I think the work atmosphere with our company is very welcoming. And even in my position, and somewhat upper management, those that I work for that are above me, they're very, we're very good to our employees. And I think because of the treatment of our employees, we retain employment. It's very easy for us to get things done because people want to do their jobs. I have worked myself in positions where I've worked underneath people who were more tyrannical in nature, and it's very difficult to want to do more and go above and beyond what you need to do in those situations. So I believe that that's the number one benefit of working in our particular company is the atmosphere itself. Great.	episode_done:True
text:So how do you see yourself I guess is what I want to know, using what you learn in communication, which I can already see it being applicable. How would you see yourself using what you learned in this field?\nYeah, I'm a huge people person, I can talk to anyone. I'm not shy, I have no problem making friends. I'm definitely one of those people that can talk to anybody. So everything I've learned there, my communication major has applied to all of my retail jobs, all of my customer service jobs, just makes it very organic for me to be able to converse with other people on a daily basis. So it really does come in handy.	labels:Okay, yeah, that will definitely be useful here. And you're constantly dealing with clients and trying to build rapport with customers. So they become return customers and repeat customers. So that's awesome. I'm glad to hear that. And I guess you also put on your resume that you're very excited to put your leadership skills to the test, which I liked. Yeah. And no, I just want you to maybe elaborate a little bit on what your leadership skills are like what you've done in the past like to lead people.	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any special skills that would help you do This job?\nYes, I'm pretty good with computers. I've used Microsoft Office a lot. And I know how to troubleshoot problems. How fast can you type? I can type about 60 words a minute.	labels:Any other skills that would help you?	episode_done:True
text:And so what else in in your job? Or in your current job? Could you see applying to our position here at Macy's?\nMy product knowledge is endless, of what I know, in terms of this industry, brands and everything. It's just, it's crazy how much I've learned in this job that I didn't know before going into it. So I've already got all the training down for product knowledge in terms of all the brands you're going to carry and everything like that I would not need any kind of training or teaching in that area.	labels:So here your hours may fluctuate between days nights, and we might need you on holidays or send you out to events or schedule them. Would that be a problem? The flexibility at all?	episode_done:True
text:Good morning, Samira. Please take a seat. How are you doing today?\nI'm doing very well.	labels:Okay, so how do you feel about so much activity on the campus these days?
text:Oh, it's exciting times on campus. At this point, I'm experiencing a whole lot of mixed feelings. I'm a little sad now that college life is at its end. But I'm also very eager to start on a new face in my life with my career. Great.	labels:So Samira, to start off with this interview. Can you speak something about yourself?	episode_done:True
text:Excellent, excellent. So, um, so what made you decide to transition from journalism to your previous career in social services?\nI think when I started out in journalism, I wasn't really sure what I wanted to do. I was 18 years old. And I knew that I love to write, and I like to ask questions about the world. So that was a way that I could ask questions and learn things and be out in the community and talk to people in on the scene. And then I also learned that journalists are not as objective as we might like to think they are. And so I kind of transitioned into public relations where I could use my voice for cause. And then from there, I got more into social services. I was always specializing in nonprofit communication throughout my undergrad studies at SEIU Carbondale where I studied public relations, it was with an emphasis on nonprofits and minors in government and sociology. So I knew that somewhere I wanted to be in the middle of these things, but I didn't exactly know where so I see my career as a path that I'm, you know, growing and learning and changing and, and kind of taking direction from the world around me. And you know, where it leads me,	labels:Okay, so So what has been say your biggest challenge in your current position, what on a day to day basis is the biggest challenge?
text:The number of cases is the biggest challenge. When I came into the job there, their position, there was a huge backlog of cases. And I had to work really hard and be creative and and reach out for help in lots of different ways to share that work and get it caught up. And so I think that we're in a pretty good place right now and actually Coronavirus, kind of helped in slowing down so yeah, in some of the events, the outreach events that we were going to have, unfortunately, were canceled. So it you know, I don't know how much our vendors are gonna like the numbers when all this is said and done, but it has decreased the number of cases.	labels:Yeah, well, maybe you'll get like a fresh start from You know, everything caught up? So? Yeah, and how about Um, so, you know, I'm very familiar with the expungement process. And, you know, I tend to know you, it's a wonderful way to assist people, you definitely have a wide variety of individuals coming in with all different backgrounds and stories and personalities. So can you tell me about a time either either in this this life in general, but either in this position, or maybe your previous positions where you maybe ran into someone through professionally, that, you know, was having a rough time, and maybe it was a difficult time, and you had to kind of work them through that situation and what you did, what the outcome was or what you learn from it.	episode_done:True
text:Chris, please tell me a little bit about yourself.\nI'm currently finishing my master's of education program at Lake Erie college and working on transitioning from a northeastern Ohio winner to being a member of the Jacksonville Area Community.	labels:Why the move?
text:Well, my wife's job is moving down south, and I'm coming along with her.	labels:How did you hear about the position open with our company here at Rei?	episode_done:True
text:So what did you find challenging about the job.\nCustomer service is always a challenging route, especially in retail. I've done it for since I got out of high school almost 10 years now. So I have a very thick skin for unreasonable customers and things like That you're going to run into it. So probably just everyday challenges, having to mediate different conflicts with people when they get upset, just things like that. Other than that, this industry is a pretty good fit for me, it flows pretty well, for the most part. Okay. So just day to day things.	labels:Yeah, definitely. I'm, I can totally relate. I've been there, you know, Ben at the point where you have to deal with some of those customers. Yes, exactly. So what ways that have you collaborated in your job or during your time and older with like your co workers or managers to work together more efficiently?	episode_done:True
text:I wonder if you can tell me a little bit about yourself?\nSure. Well, I think the most important thing is I've just recently completed a certificate to in Business Administration. And that's basically given me a nice skill base from from which I would like to begin my career in in in that area.	labels:It's great, um, look, talking about skills, what do you think you can bring to this role specifically?	episode_done:True
text:So I guess for starters, what led you to finding our job posting?\nWell, I actually spoke with my aunt who did 30 years of freelance makeup artistry, because I've always been intrigued in it. So she told me, the best way to move from more of a retail type place to a freelance type job was to do a department store type positions, where you get more in depth with a specific brand. So that's where I'm really looking to kind of transition from being in a retail store where we sell everything to really narrowing down to throwing myself into one particular brand. And being a little bit more involved with that brand. And to do that, I need to find some type of freelance type job like through Macy's or a department store or something like that.	labels:What brands are you interested in?	episode_done:True
text:What's your greatest weakness?\nMy greatest weakness would be working to a time limit, I think I'm more of a test driven person. And when I'm working within a timeframe to just try to fill in time and sort of makes a little difficult for me mission driven.	labels:I got. Alright. I see on your resume that you put that you're familiar with ICD tm, you tell me what that stands for.	episode_done:True
text:Well, you've been here for how long?\nI've been here for one, more than one year, just one year.	labels:So what have you been doing?	episode_done:True
text:That's pretty much it for my questions. Do you have any questions for me?\nI do. What is a typical day like on your unit?	labels:So a typical day on our unit so pretty much we start off normally we start with we start with the normal things like report after you get report you Do you know the patient assessment and you go through with the patient and then you do your normal charting and everything.
text:And what is nurse to patient ratio on your unit?	labels:The nurse patient ratio is usually one to two with the babies being so critical. We don't want to overload you.	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any questions for me?\nYes, I would like to know how did this job first become available? And what do you consider the ideal candidate for this particular job,	labels:The job has become available because the person that did it previously has been promoted, which we are very happy with. And the ideal candidate will be someone that can come in that is detail oriented, task oriented, and can get immersed in our culture. Because every work culture is a little different. And learning how we do things, how we expect what we expect, and getting along with people and the customers is a key component of this job. That's what we're looking for. Do you think you would be able to do that?
text:Yes, sir. I think so.	labels:You have any other question?	episode_done:True
text:Okay. Okay, now, can you give me an example of how you would handle a stressful situation?\nSure. When I encounter a stressful situation, I like to take a step back, breathe a little bit. reassess the situation and prioritize what is the next important task rather than kind of getting overwhelmed by everything. break it down into a step by step process.	labels:That's good time is everything. Okay? Now, why should I hire you for my company?	episode_done:True
text:So yes, there is a formal training program, but we encourage our employees to take ownership and go out and find out what it is you want to become better at. So maybe becoming a branch manager, maybe want to set up a branch in a in a location that hasn't been determined. Or maybe you want to go to one that's not working well and you fix it to make it work. So those are, you know, audit could be cash management. Could be location, could be facilities, you can also help by pursuing your dreams. Whatever your dreams are you got to pursue. Okay. Does that answer your question? Yes.\nThank you.	labels:Okay, if you stepped in, if I offered you the job, and you stepped into the job, nine o'clock next morning, next Monday morning. I said, sit down. Juliana, what five questions do you have for me about this bank, this bank? What would your questions be for me? I am your manager?	episode_done:True
text:Now, do you mind working overtime?\nNo, I do not.	labels:Because, sometimes we get overwhelmed with heavy workload.
text:I understand that's the nature of the job. When I was going to school, I took quite a few courses each semester while working at least twenty hours every week. And, I handled that situation very well.	labels:Do you have any questions for me?
text:No, I think I have a pretty good understanding of the requirements. I believe that I can handle it with ease, and the fact that you provide all the training sounds excellent. I hope to have the opportunity to work for you.	labels:David, It is nice to meet you. I can tell that you are a good candidate. Expect to hear from us within a week or so about the job.
text:Nice meeting you too. Thank you for your time.	labels:Thank you for coming.	episode_done:True
text:On the right path. So it's just, yeah, exactly what you've said here, it's just a, it's just a policy or a procedure for allowing, like the service to describe the, the, the request that's coming in and preventing things like other origins, so maybe like preventing your website from being, like sharing resources between another endpoint, so you're preventing another website from hitting yours as well. So right on there, okay, cool. All right. So switching a little bit a little bit here to more specific JavaScript, you explained that this keyword to me, okay, so\nthis keyword is, is a really complex concept in JavaScript. So, um, as far as, as my understanding this keyword is bind to the context when a function is executed, instead of where it is defined. So. So can I use some specific examples to explain this?	labels:Yeah.
text:so for example, if we if we just execute a function in a global environment, and this will be binded to the, to the global global scope, but if we call us for example, if you have an object a, and we have a method inside called B and A Adobe, then in this kind of circumstances, this would be binding to a Yeah, because we call we call the function inside. Okay. Okay. And so, in JavaScript there, there is also some circumstances when this is not binded to our not that not as we expected, because sometimes, for example, a JavaScript doesn't have a block scope. So sometimes, when we call this we thought it was binding to the function scope, actually, it was fine to Window global scope. Yeah. So and, and some, some, some solutions to this is to use things like the apply or call function or use the bind method to solve this problem.	labels:Cool. All right. Well, speaking of this keyword and scope, can you kind of explain what a closure is in JavaScript?	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mr. Darcy. I am Emely, head of reservoir engineering department. Nice to meet you.\nPleased to meet you Emely.	labels:You are applying for a job as a technical manager, aren't you?
text:Yes. I sent my resume for this position.	labels:That's good. You have a wonderful resume. We made this appointment to speak about your personality traits and your professional skills. Please tell us about yourself. Probably you could tell us about your education first.	episode_done:True
text:Can you tell me about your past work history please?\nYes. When I was studying at university, I volunteered at my local hospital. After I graduated, I worked at St Andrew's hospital for about three years as a nurse. After that, I worked in hospital administration with the Red Cross. And I've been there until now.	labels:Have you ever been promoted?	episode_done:True
text:Cool. So given an array of numbers from one to 100, we'll just start with a one to 100 week for your test cases or something you just do like a 10 digit array or something like that. Exactly one number in that array is a duplicate. I want you to write a method to find that duplicate.\nOkay, so let me make sure so we have an array off of a lot of numbers. And so just one number in that array is duplicate. Yep. Yeah. Is it guaranteed to be duplicated more than once? Or?	labels:No, we're just going to for this particular question, there only will be exactly one number duplicated.
text:Okay, got it. So, I will enter it through that array and airy for each numbers in this array and to store each array in an object and store their times. So if What if we were in the process of iterating? sooner, right? If you find one element in that array that is already being stored in the object, then that would be the one that is duplicate. So that is my general thinking of these. So this element hasn't been seen before, but we'll give it a number. Yeah, just some random number. Analysis if it has been appeared before, just return value. There may be something wrong with this. Let me check it first. So it is work Yeah, it's working.	labels:Okay. Um, so would this work with multiple numbers being duplicated? So let's say that you added another three, a three and a four, four after that five. Like this, we'll do it. Do it. So it's five, four, just so they're not in order. Like, a four before the five as well. Okay. Okay, so what? So it works. And that's exactly it worked. As I stated the first time, I said there would only be guaranteed so now I want you to correct your method, return back multiple numbers that are duplicated.
text:Okay. So multiple numbers that is duplicate, then are they guaranteed to be duplicate? So, for example, Army, is the three allowed to appear more than twice in this array? Or it's just,	labels:yes. You can have three multiple times. Okay, got it.
text:So, have a array to store all the duplicate values. And if it has appeared before, that will push this money in this away and return this. Alright, let me check it first. Yeah, I think it works.	labels:Cool. Yep. That looks good. Um, so kind of just explained just real quickly, again, for everyone. What you kind of did here? And what was your approach? Why did you choose to put it in an object like this, instead of maybe just like looping through it a couple of times and checking there the first time. So the first time you did it, right, when we were just checking for one, make the decision to put it in an object like that. Instead of just like maybe doing like two for loops instead of each inside of each other.
text:So firstly, two for loops, that'll be too time complexity will be will be a lot more larger than this one. And then, so for, for a object, I will, like establish a kind of like a dictionary, in my function. And in jobs serves that searching function of dictionary as a maybe clicker. So I choose this one.	labels:So I want you to write a function or method to count the different ways to translate that number and print out the different translations of that number.	episode_done:True
text:Thank you for your answer, Richard, where do you see yourself in five years?\nUser: I want to be a higher performing achiever, I want you to be happy with my work and see me as a respected member of the organization, someone you can trust, and someone who is also loyal. I would also see myself obviously experienced in five years time, and somebody who could perhaps help train up other new members of the organization as in when they join. So I'm basically sharing my experience with them.	labels:Thank you. Thank you. So how would you handle stress and pressure in this role?	episode_done:True
text:What are your weaknesses?\nI can be a bit too straightforward at times, and sometimes that hurts people. But I'm working on this and try to stop myself from being overly direct.	labels:Where do you see yourself in five years?
text:In five years, I'd like to be seen as someone with deep expertise in software development. I hope to be offered the opportunity to take the lead on some projects.	labels:There are definitely promotion opportunities at our company. Depending on your achievements and expertise. Do you work well under pressure?	episode_done:True
text:Can you tell me what your greatest strength is?\nThink it's my quick thinking and decision making. There have been many times when I've been under pressure and made the right decisions.	labels:How about your greatest weakness?	episode_done:True
text:Which school did you graduate from?\nI was a student at DEF University, and I graduated with a bachelor degree in computer science. I worked as a computer lab tutor in school for about 2 years. Guiding students through their projects helped me get experience in several programming languages.	labels:What are you looking for in a job?
text:The job should definitely help me grow in my career. I will be happy to learn and grow as I work in a passionate company like yours.	labels:You are right. There is plenty of room for advancement in our company. What are your strengths? Why should I hire you?
text:I am a diligent person and a fast learner. I am very eager to learn. My friends also find me very easy to work with.	labels:Now, do you mind working overtime?	episode_done:True
text:So could you tell me about some of the reading around the subject that you've done?\nOkay. So I've found like very recently, I don't know if it's because I've just come across it from where I work. But I found that very severely. I've done a lot of reading on FGM. And I've also done my case study on FGM. In my access course. I think it's a very prominent thing that is definitely due to the intake of refugees and people moving to the UK from countries where it's prominent.	labels:Yeah, I was gonna ask you about this. So that subjects in particular, is something very close to you. Why do you think you you chose that sort of subjects in particular? Was it because you had experiences with women in your care? Or,
text:yes, I get, I was very lucky to work with a clinic only as a kind of add on to the clinic call that I was doing as an MSW. And I got to talk to one of the doctors there. And I just knew from that moment, I just knew that that's kind of something where it was an interest that I knew that I would naturally want to help him like, I feel like I can. I feel like I can talk to women in a non judgmental way. And if they can open up to me about that, then we could help, as you know, give her the best birth and experience that she could possibly get. Yeah. If we're able to, you know, I was very lucky, because I did get speak to women that had had it done.	labels:injustice, it's, yeah, subjects a lot of versus passionate about. Okay, so moving on to the next question. across the UK at the moment, there's only 17% of women still exclusively breastfeeding their babies at three months. And in countries like Norway, exclusive breastfeeding rates are close to 40%. At this point, can you tell me what you think about some of the life challenges mums might have in terms of breastfeeding, establishing breastfeeding and carrying it on in the UK?	episode_done:True
text:What about your greatest weakness?\nNow I think this is my experience. I'm still young and gaining experience in management,	labels:What are some of your personal interests outside of work?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me a little about your educational background.\nI received a bachelor's degree in history from Houston University in 1990. After that, I still At the University of Texas and received my MBA in 1993.	labels:Why did you choose the University of Texas for your master's degree?
text:I visited the campus and I met some of the professors and I really liked it.	labels:How will your education help you with this position?	episode_done:True
text:Can you give me an example of an accomplishment you've had and what that tells us about you.\nSo I think one of my greatest accomplishments is on the general focus of me going to college because initially graduating high school I didn't, I wasn't planning on going to college, I was a C student in high school wasn't involved in anything, basically just went to school and left and didn't really do much. And then come into college, I had that mindset of I'm just gonna, like, do whatever. And then I got involved on campus. I ended up getting Dean's List both semesters of my freshman year, and then both semester sophomore year, and then it continued up until my senior year, I made Dean's list every, almost every semester, a couple semesters, I haven't but close enough. I'm extremely involved on campus, I was an orientation leader, I have been involved in curry theater. And I'm participating in all of these specific things that go on at carry, which initially I had no, I had no idea or anticipation of me doing anything that I've done at curry so far. So I think that right there is a great aspect of my life that I initially had never expected to happen.	labels:What do you think sets you apart from other candidates?	episode_done:True
text:That is good. user, lets start the interview. Are you ready?\nYes, I am.	labels:First of all, let me properly introduce myself. I am the Finance Department Manager. As you know there is an open position in my department, and I need to fill this position as soon as possible.
text:Please, tell me a little bit about the position.	labels:It is an entry-level position. The new employee will have to work closely with the Accounting department. He will also have to deal with the bank on a daily basis.
text:What type of qualifications do you require?	labels:I require a four-year college degree in Finance. Some working experience would be helpful.	episode_done:True
text:user, I assume? Im emely, pleased to meet you.\nGood to meet you, too!	labels:Thanks so much for coming in to see us today! I was very impressed with your resume. Oh, and I noticed that your last job was just a few blocks from here? You must like this area?
text:Why, thank you, and thank you for seeing me. Yes, I worked right up on State Street. I find it a good area to work in, and an easy commute for me.	labels:So, it appears from your resume that both of your last two jobs have a lot of similarities with the position we have open?	episode_done:True
text:It would you say that you're most comfortable with JavaScript?\nYeah.	labels:Okay. All right. Um, so I'll get into some, some general questions here, I'm going to focus them around JavaScript and the full stack, I probably won't get too much into the HTML and CSS side of things and design side of things. Okay. Seems like you've mostly focused on the, you know, the back end and the JavaScript side. So I'm going to start with a couple of very generic web based questions, and then we'll move into some very specific JavaScript questions. Okay. Okay. So can you explain to me, the HTTPS negotiation steps? So what happens for during the process of HTTP, the handshake?
text:The details can check. Yes. I'm, actually I'm not so familiar with the HTTPS, I'm still in progress of learning that and my, for my own project, I'm still using HTTP for connecting sending requests. I know it's not safe anymore. And so far, what I know about HTTPS is that we need a kind of certificate and an API token for sending a request to the backend that ensure that is safe. And yeah, NSF for	labels:so go ahead and just explain then how the HTTP protocol works, kind of just the handshake for that, since you're more familiar with that.	episode_done:True
text:Chris, can you tell me about a challenge or conflict that you've faced in the workplace, and how you would deal with it?\nWithin the education profession, there are challenges every day, you're dealing with hundreds of different hundreds of different personalities, and interests and levels of enthusiasm. So being able to engage students with content in an enriching way, is part of overcoming a conflict or difficulty, I think building professional relationships is another way to deal with conflicts, understanding where people come from. Prior to teaching, I was involved with a photography company photographing events like weddings, and bar mitzvahs, and very, very important events in people's lives. And a lot of times conflicts will arise. So again, just like in teaching, overcoming those conflicts with patients and listening to the client or customers needs is very important.	labels:Now you are interviewing for a position, that is not an entry level position. And there is the possibility that those in our company that were overlooked for this position may have some animosity regarding the new hire for this position. So how do you approach this potential challenge here at the workplace?	episode_done:True
text:What is typically the first argument passed to a Node JS callback handler?\nYep.And why do you think that that's usually done that way? Oh, I haven't think of this question. But I guess is to remind people of more concerned about the unsuccessful request or something like that.	labels:Yep. So one of the other ones is like, because of a lot of like, uncaught exceptions that can happen. In Node JS, it's not as easy to catch exceptions, by the main process. So it's just kind of a best practice to kind of put that out there. So people are, you know, that first message they're getting back is an error. So if they're using that, or they forget to Like, have multiple methods by putting that error up there first. They're kind of like throwing that to the very beginning to kind of tell the developer who's using their module to be warned that this could be an error.
text:Okay.	labels:Okay, cool. Um, so, that's it for, we're gonna kind of get into some of the programming questions. So if you want to, if you look down at the bottom of the screen, there's a share screen session. We just bring up like a programming window and kind of share your screen for us.
text:Sure. Okay, I can see my screen. Yep.	labels:Alright, perfect. So we're just going to start out by I want you and you can write this if you feel come from JavaScript or any other no jet, whatever. I mean, no, GS is JavaScript. But any programming language you really want. I'm not really looking as much for syntax is looking for how you approach it. Perfect code, but try and get as close to compiling code as possible. Okay. So I want you to write me a function or method that will check to see if a string is a palindrome. And a palindrome is a number or a sorry, is a word or number that is the same for is it as backwards? Okay? Like level L E L is because it can be spelled one way the same as the other. Okay? You can assume that you don't what you're the value that you're getting passed in will always be a string.
text:Okay? How to whatever? Can I check it in some all I like chaos fiddle or some other environments? here if you want to. Okay. I think this function works.	labels:Yep, exactly. That's perfect. Cool. All right. So perfect. I just kind of wanted to start you off with that. And we'll kind of go from there. Alright, so let's do another string one here. So I want you to write me a method to count the number of occurrences of a given character in a string. So you're going to get two parameters, you're going to pass in a given character, and a string. And I want you to tell me, how many occurrences are in the given string, C in the string string. For example, if I gave you the the function would call s as the character in rings as the string. And you would return back to me because there are two s's in that string.	episode_done:True
text:I'm just also wondering how you might go about a task that you didn't actually know how to do fragment sake, you've been asked to place a large stationary order for the company, you've just arrived, you're not sure how to do it? How would you go about that?\nI feel like the only way to go about that really is to reveal that I don't know how to go about it and to be willing to, to ask for assistance from primarily from a supervisor, failing that from someone else with the experience to know how the task is done.	labels:Excellent. That will always get you help. People always help when they know somebody is struggling, especially in my turn. I say in your resume, your attained bike rider, I can you tell me why you enjoyed that?
text:Sure. I feel the physical activities really important for me, keeps me feeling fresh and energized. And both in in my physical body and also in my mind. And one less car on the road feels like it's a good thing. So it's a good physical activity to engage in.	labels:Excellent. I wonder if you have given any thought to where you might be in five years from now, in terms of in terms of your career.	episode_done:True
text:Good Morning, user. I am emely.\nGood Morning.	labels:How are you doing?
text:I am doing fine. Thank you.	labels:How was the traffic coming over here?
text:I am so glad that the traffic was light this morning. No traffic jam and no accidents.	labels:That is good. user, lets start the interview. Are you ready?	episode_done:True
text:Did you quit your first job? Or did you get fired?\nI quit myself. I relocated to the city due to family circumstances. That is why I had to leave my previous position.	labels:Well, why do you want this job? Why should we hire you?
text:I look forward to a position that offers more opportunities to work with the most interesting, famous and important projects. I want to be a part of this company because I believe I can be of assistance in its growth.	labels:What are your goals for the future?	episode_done:True
text:So I want you to write me a method to count the number of occurrences of a given character in a string. So you're going to get two parameters, you're going to pass in a given character, and a string. And I want you to tell me, how many occurrences are in the given string, C in the string string. For example, if I gave you the the function would call s as the character in rings as the string. And you would return back to me because there are two s's in that string.\nOkay, got it.	labels:And one piece of advice here for everyone listening, and you as well, as you're going through these methods and functions, it's always a good idea to kind of talk through what you're doing here. Yeah, so it's good to kind of talk through what you're doing and explain to the interviewer what you're working on and what you're doing. They like to hear that I like to get that feedback. And it also helps to kind of just, you know, spot check what you're actually working
text:on. Okay, got it. So, while I'm thinking about this, that is that I want to get through the stream. And so every time I'm you know, I got a one, one letter in that string, although check if that is already stored in an object. Now, yeah, if you already have that, if you already have that letter in our in, in object, so let me just write some code for you to show that. Yeah, so whenever whenever we find the same string as the parents, we will add one to this count so that it counts how many times this parents appears in this string.	labels:Okay, I'm kind of just Alright. So kind of just walk me through an example here, if you want to do it like show your JS fiddle and walk through that, that's fine, too. Just kind of walk me through this kind of code. Okay, yeah, maybe it'll make it easier if you actually just kind of show your JS fiddle on the screen here and kind of show how it works. And we can run through a couple test cases.
text:Okay, so let me let me share my screen here.	labels:Maybe just From now on, we can do the work in jazz fiddle to make it easier. Okay.
text:Yeah, I think it works.	labels:Cool. All right. So let's move on here a little bit more complicated question here. Let's do with. So given an array of numbers from one to 100, we'll just start with a one to 100 week for your test cases or something you just do like a 10 digit array or something like that. Exactly one number in that array is a duplicate. I want you to write a method to find that duplicate.	episode_done:True
text:If I were to ask the people that know you, or if I call your references, tell me some of the kinds of things they're gonna say about you.\nVery positive person. Loyal, dedicated. Mission focused and driven.	labels:Tell me a little bit about your work style, and how you interact with employees, with co workers and with supervisors and managers.	episode_done:True
text:Right now our company is on the cutting edge of healthcare and technology. I think it is a very exciting time to be a part of our company, especially working here. Okay, great.\nWell, when can I expect to hear from you?	labels:I can have my assistant call you by tomorrow morning. If that's all right.	episode_done:True
text:Right. So first, can you tell me a little bit about yourself and why you're applying for this job?\nI'll be graduating in May I have my accounting certificate. And I think my liberal education qualifies me.	labels:Do you want this job?	episode_done:True
text:So let's welcome elvina\nHi, Emely. Thanks for having me. How are you? Good. Good. Thank you. How are you?	labels:I'm good. I'm good. So thanks for you know, having this call with me. And you receive it looks really good, as we know. And I think currently you are in New York, right?
text:Yes, I'm currently in New York. And working in. Let me introduce myself, my I'm elvina. I'm full stack automation engineer in test. I've been working more than six years in IT industry in the different domains. My project, it's a loan service management, where I have employees there are taking the merchant application and where the based on that documentation, the hold the paper documentation, they approve or reject the merchant application for the loan. So my responsibilities is, as a QA automation, I'm responsible for maintain the automation. First of all, to give the high quality of the product. And during this, I'm participating all the scrum meetings, we are following agile methodology. My participado, the scrum meetings and then we have two weeks sprint. So on my project based on cucumber, my tool is called cucumber based on behavior driven development. I use Selenium WebDriver. Also for the assertion and validation, I use j unit. Yes. As my framework as a UI and API framework, I have JDBC library. And then I use for automation, rest assure library. And now I'd like you may know, as I was a QA tester, like 20% and mostly like 80% it's automation.	labels:Wow, that's great. Awesome. Are you enjoying your job? Are you like, like hard working person?	episode_done:True
text:Okay, so Jane, we want to do a promotion on productivity. And once you've set everything up, tell me how you go about thinking organizing your thoughts and setting up and bringing in the resources the people materials a little bit.\nAt first, my marketing the strategic one. The first one is respect for VIP because The product is not the cheap one, and the really expensive one. So if if the product perfume, the candy is coming to our store, maybe I can send a text or some post to our VIP. So come to our store to see that you can, you can get a chance to try this perfume. So at first that is for for the VIP. So because our department is towards the 1% of VIP decide of 50% of the outcome to the person that does the work. So first, I want to respect our VoIP. And then the second one is that nowadays sn SME is up, everybody can use a smartphone. So the application is a really popular method to the marketing. So I will make some the application for our department store, and then the approach to our customer. So that is a kind of promotion skill is kind of algebra. So So at first, I want to respect our VIP and make an application for the various kind of people	labels:generically, which means at a very high level you're responding, but I'm not hearing the specific the how, how are you going to get that customer experience? How are you going to promote that product.	episode_done:True
text:So you are saying that you are running on Sauce Labs? So using the concept of remote WebDriver?\nremote WebDriver? And now why don't use the concept, remote WebDriver.	labels:How are you running your test cases on Sauce Labs?
text:On Sauce Labs, so I create the the that pass from the GitHub. So the repository that I pushed on the GitHub, and those from the sauce lab, it takes that.	labels:But any repository that is fine. It's available on GitHub. But the question is that without remote WebDriver How will you run your test cases on Sauce Labs? Because Sauce Labs will give you the their hub URL? Right. That hub URL you have the remote web driver.
text:Right, right. Right, right. Yes.	labels:So without the motor driver, how will you wait, exactly will pass the hub you are in?	episode_done:True
text:How do you deal with the public?\nI try to treat my customers with respect and patience.	labels:How do you handle stressful situations?
text:Now try to stay as calm as possible. When I'm with a customer, I like to be respectful and responsible.	labels:Can you give me an example from your personal experience?	episode_done:True
text:So you're here for our visual editor position.\nYes,	labels:tell me a little bit about yourself?	episode_done:True
text:Okay, cool. So I think that's great. Now I want to backtrack a little bit. It looks like you are with data from 2016 to 2018, which is great. And I know you mentioned the reason for leaving was because of layoffs. What were you doing from December 2018 to may 2019?\nSo during that time, obviously there was a layoff, I was applying for jobs on the daily and I is actually taking other temporary contracts. Because, of course, as you know, the nature of temporary contracts is that they move quicker. And I just wanted to make sure that I stayed active and I didn't. I didn't lose, you know that much of an income. So I, I did some, you know, other executive assistant roles that I don't think are as relevant. So I just wanted to, you know, leave the boogeyman out here. But that's basically what the gap explains there were just a few here and there that I don't think are relevant to put on my resume.	labels:What I would recommend is at the end of your resume at the bottom, I would just put like, temporary contract assignment, and I would put what you were doing now with details, but just what you were doing.	episode_done:True
text:And they asked, the very first question is, could you tell us what midwives do and describe some of the activities they get up to and the functions that they serve?\nOkay, so midwives, very long history. They obviously, to me, the biggest job that midwife does is to help other women bring life into the world, from the minute they get pregnant to weeks after the baby's born. They did bring strength and support to the whole family, an amazing time. They empower women to go through altered physical experiences. Their bodies change daily, they go through lots of changes, single day, they help with after the baby's born with breastfeeding. breastfeeding. Okay.	labels:So that's a good scope there. Can you think of any sort of specific areas of Canada midwives get involved with any professionals they might work alongside? Oh, yes.
text:So they work alongside doctors. They work with high risk ladies low risk ladies, diabetic ladies. healthcare professional, multi agency teams, they safeguard the patient, family of children	labels:and who you want to add?  And could you tell me some of the challenges that midwives are facing at the moment in the UK?	episode_done:True
text:What do you think you can bring to this role specifically?\nWell, as mentioned, with that certificate to in business admin, it's basically given me foundation knowledge in most of the processes, the required to run an office and particularly in a receptionist role. So I've been given a solid foundation in how to use the technological tools, and communication tools, from computers to telephones, faxes, photocopies, and all of that, and have also been given a pretty good grounding in policies and procedures, and just what the basic requirements of office environments entail.	labels:Excellent. That's a great skill set for this role. Because as you've mentioned, nowadays, things are moving in for more technological base. So so once upon a time, Skype interviews would have been considered. totally unacceptable. But now it is something that we do as a matter of course, it saves all of us time and energy. What do you think that your strengths are?	episode_done:True
text:Then you go home and starts all over again the next day?\nI'm not really I would stay a little bit more if it's a problem that needs to be solved right now. And I would really dedicate myself to solve them and improving the system, if it's possible, because the sooner the better. And everyone benefits, right.	labels:Give us an example where you had two competing demands being placed on you. What was the what was the issue? What did you do and what was the outcome?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me what is your greatest strength?\nMy greatest strength would probably be organization and managing that will be my greatest strength.	labels:On the flip side, what's your greatest weakness?	episode_done:True
text:this is so we say setting up for events. So any particular area or any particular product line by clothing, jewelry, perfume, anything, right?\nYes.	labels:Okay, so the marketing people decide they want to have an in store promotion on perfume. Yeah, the decisions made we want to we want to push this particular line of perfume wherever it may be. So you'd be part of a team that would want to set up the Display area set up in supplies, have people come in and meet and greets and I would you like to sample some of those, that sort of thing. Okay, so that being said, how would you go ahead and approach that if you were given that kind of, we want to do a promotion for perfume, and let's call it What's your favorite perfume?	episode_done:True
text:So you'd be okay with new training programs and everything?\nYeah. Yes. Good.	labels:Now, what is your greatest weakness?	episode_done:True
text:Chris, what would you identify as your greatest professional strengths?\nI think patience is probably my greatest strength that translates across the careers. Being able to listen to a student or customers difficulty and help them overcome that difficulty with patience and compassion is my greatest strength.	labels:Would you consider any weaknesses that you have to be detrimental to the job?	episode_done:True
text:Could you describe yourself briefly?\nSure. My name is Andrew Wilson. I'm 30 years old and I'm single.	labels:Describe your personality to me?	episode_done:True
text:The next question, how many tennis balls can you fit into a limousine?\nAnd number of tennis balls in a limousine? Well, I guess to effectively answer that question, I would need some help. I would need to know what type of limousine because if we're talking about a stretch SUV, that's a much larger volume than a smaller limousine? Are we talking to door for door? I also don't know what's in the limousine already other people in there? Or is it empty? Once I had those questions answered, I would have to do some calculations about the size of a tennis ball, how much area or how much volume it takes up, calculate the inside of the limousine and then make sure the math works out? I could get that answer to you. I just can't do it off the top of my head.	labels:Let me ask this final question. Or do you have any questions for us?	episode_done:True
text:And where did you see this job posted?\nI actually saw it in the work in Texas database, I've matched up to it in my profile.	labels:Great. That's very exciting. Well, thank you for being here today. Tell me if you would a little bit about your human resource background.	episode_done:True
text:Okay, let's talk about your knowledge\ninvolves not only computers, hardware, but also certain programs. And that's working in creating lands. And those important devices from networks such as helps, and the main server, the computer Master, as maybe people say,	labels:what about applications? You talk about hardware? And also what about software?	episode_done:True
text:What special skills do you have for this job?\nI have good organizational skills. I worked as head office administrator for a while I had to organize the staff in the office laugh.	labels:Do you have any computer skills?	episode_done:True
text:All right, we're going to Then move on to some cognitive behavioral questions. And basically, these questions are designed. They're not necessarily about your past your experience, they're sort of out of the box questions. And so just do your best at answering them as we go through this. So, if you were an animal, what would you be? And why?\nThat's a tough question. I think, considering the traits of my dog, if I had to be an animal, I would certainly want to be a domesticated dog. They just have that ability to love unconditionally. They're intensely loyal. And they just provide so many benefits to people. That's something I'd like to do in my life as a human to great.	labels:The next question, how many tennis balls can you fit into a limousine?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me a little bit about your work style, and how you interact with employees, with co workers and with supervisors and managers.\nI think I've worked well, with supervisors and managers. I'm sort of kind of the, the happy go medium in between. As far as the people that work beneath me and the people that work over me, and a lot of times I'm the transition between ideals. And I guess when things come down to harsh from the top, I have a way of soften them where they kind of filter down.	labels:What do you do if a supervisor or manager asks you to do something you don't agree with?	episode_done:True
text:can you tell me? Can you tell me with few examples? Where, okay, these are the best candidates for the automation. These are test cases, I'm going to pick for the automation, these are the best one. And some of the test cases should not be automated. Can you tell me what all those test cases I should not automate?\nWhat alters case I shouldn't add automated? I would say maybe, to first, like when you have the document in front of you, right? And then if there is, like a lack of that information that you don't have it. So then you're trying to manual automate, if it's possible to manually test and then try to, to come up with to the automation. But if it's not like then you taking like the system may know, that we can. Right, that's it. That's all there on the documents that we have handling.	labels:How many test cases you have in automation? Do you have any approximate count in your current project 100.
text:On UI application, I do have for the smoke testing around like 42 test cases, like what three, which is runs like 1516 minutes. And then for UI, like for API, I have around like 38, maybe less a little bit less. For the like it in their for their regression. I do have like for the UI run 355 56 test cases.	labels:355 ui test cases in regression, so how much time it takes?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me if you would a little bit about your human resource background.\nWell, I spent the last 21 years in the United States Air Force as a human resource assistant. And I actually recruited and interviewing individuals to come into the United States Air Force.	labels:Very good. But let me ask you a question. When you're interviewing someone for a job, what qualities are you looking for?	episode_done:True
text:Can us give me an example when you've worked as part of a team?\nUser: We can change the specification and deliver it on time. So everybody was on board, each time the client came back to us. And they change their mind. It wasn't a problem. We sat down, we regrouped. And we changed our direction. Sometimes people in the team had to do different things. So for example, I had to take on a task that I wasn't particularly familiar with. But I went away learns how to do it came back and carried out that task to the right standard. Thankfully, we completed the project on time, and it was a great motivator for everyone in the team. Because despite all of the challenges, we still managed to complete the project on time and to the required specification. And I'm pleased to say that that client actually ended up coming back to the business no fewer than five times to users on further occasions. So it's a really good experience for everyone within the team.	labels:Thank you for that answer, Richard. I did previously notice that you stated that you enjoyed working under pressure. With this in mind. Can you tell me about a time when you completed a difficult task under pressure?	episode_done:True
text:Can you tell me about some of your hobbies or personal interests?\nI'm usually very busy taking care of my children and doing housework. When I do have free time, I like to read and listen to music.	labels:Could you tell me why you've decided to leave your current job?
text:Well, there are problems inside the company. Some of the managers do not agree with the company policies.	labels:Can you be more specific?	episode_done:True
text:355 ui test cases in regression, so how much time it takes?\nYeah, it takes two and two and a half hours.	labels:Okay, so how exactly how frequently you are running them like are you running them daily or whenever is needed.
text:Now that smoke testing I set up in Jenkins, which is in the morning, they run in the morning. And then for the big question, it's also set up in Genesis, we run twice, twice a month,	labels:twice a month?
text:Because it's sprint, it's two weeks sprints. And then every time when a sprint is real when we release the product to the production, so we did a regression testing.	labels:That makes sense. Okay. So you are saying that you have around 350 test cases in regression? So what is the percentage for passing percentage? Is it 100%? passing? Or are you getting some failures as well?	episode_done:True
text:Can you tell me the virtual capacity of the default virtual capacity of analyst\nCould you repeat the question?	labels:Yeah. What is the virtual capacity of analyst released Hmm.
text:So released is not fixable. I mean, like not not fixed size. So and then	labels:I'm talking about Do you understand what is a virtual capacity?	episode_done:True
text:Describe your typical day.\nMy typical day. Let's see. Starting from sleeping, waking up.	labels:We don't get that detail. When you walk in the door for work.	episode_done:True
text:Good, good. So who writes this feature file? Like it's your responsibility, your dev and you also contributing for writing the feature for it?\nmy responsibilities to write this all the feature process is	labels:I know it's like it's working language so everybody can read. It's understandable. So I write the feature file test cases. And then why can't they contribute? They can also contribute, right? It's, that's, that's the main basic fundamental of BDD approach, that all QA Dev and Bo should participate to design the feature file, they have to collab they have to collaborate to design the features.
text:Yeah, of course, we work with it. I do collaboration with the team, but this is my code. I'm writing that I'm putting the whole for example, if I'm searching that same login, right, so I have, like 10 scenarios, was there positive, negative. So I would say like, it's my responsibility, because I'm testing that feature of features and then that functionality so I write the test cases.	labels:But it's your project, right? It's not about your candidates, your project, and it's their project as well. So don't you think it's a violation of the BDD? Like, this is not BDD. In that case, this is just, you're using cucumber. I can I can use test Genji also, in that case I can, are you a typical TDD approach? Also, why do you need to use a cucumber? In that case, what is the advantage you are getting?	episode_done:True
text:How do you deal with stressful situations at work?\nI've had many stressful situations at work. I always try to stay patient. Therefore I'm feeling stressed. I breathe deeply to calm down.	labels:Is there anything else that you do?	episode_done:True
text:What will you do if you're not selected for this position?\nI really look forward to working with info future technologies. And I will definitely be disappointed if I'm not selected. But because I'm optimistic, I will certainly work harder and prepare myself better for the other upcoming interviews.	labels:Thanks, Samira. I've asked all the questions I wanted to. Now you have an opportunity to ask me questions. Do you have any queries for me?	episode_done:True
text:Okay, so let's say you found out Okay, these are the five test cases and they are getting failed because of your script issue. What will be the next action item? That you are going to do that? How exactly you're going to fix them?\nHow exactly so I tried to analyze first word get the cause of the failing. And then I tried to like as I said, I tried to retest on my local machine. And then if it's very, it's fixed it so I tried to retest it and then push it to them.	labels:Okay. So you are using cucumber with BDD framework and and BDD approach you are using it? So can you tell me like, overall, the project overall, the framework architecture, what are the different components that you have? How exactly you're writing a test cases? Give me the basic architecture of your entire framework?
text:Yeah, my framework is built in Maven to is a cucumber based on BGG. I have future files where I'm creating the scenarios. And then those scenarios I'm implementing in this step definition package. I have my project it's based on page object model. So where I have pages classes where a like a create collector store all my web elements and those classes. So this is use my clean and readable code for and then I have a WebDriver driver driver, like the interface was the like driver, it's one instance of running only one instance. It's designed Singleton design pattern as a singleton. So, also I have hoax package where I have I have set up to.	labels:And so, in your page object model, why we are using page object model? What is the advantage? Can you tell me like some really good advantages with page object model?	episode_done:True
text:As you know, we read a book we read about you in paper format, but we're more interested in hearing from you, in your own words, by telling us something about yourself.\nSo I guess it's no surprise for you that I'm a computer science student. I've been interesting in computers for a long time. And I decided to start my career earlier by entering some courses. It was involved, it wasn't owning a Computer Management, and networking, which involves creating lands whence and managing networks dealing with the hardware related to it. I got really into the information technology, by the time and when I answered university, I was fully aware of the area. So right now I'm job ready for a position I can take.	labels:You mentioned your drop ready? What does that mean?	episode_done:True
text:I can I can use test Genji also, in that case I can, are you a typical TDD approach? Also, why do you need to use a cucumber? In that case, what is the advantage you are getting?\nadvantage is that anybody can read my features. It's very understandable. First of all, on the report, you can see that how it was written, and then what the steps like details steps, so we can characterize each step of that fear scenario, so it's readable for any user outside. So I would say like a year, of course, with the collaboration with the team, if I miss something, like I can add it, and then, you know, like, we always discuss, like, how this feature was, was not working, how it designed that much better or cleaner.	labels:Okay, so do you share your feature files with the developers and with the beos, as well?
text:With the Alright, I don't share with my developers.	labels:okay. So, how comfortable you are in Selenium? Like, if I asked you some basic questions on Selenium? So where do you see like, yeah, this is the the most strong area that I feel comfortable in selenium.	episode_done:True
text:So what frustrates you the most?\nfrustrates me the most is when I'm in situations where there's a lack of teamwork, because I believe that teamwork is vital for our patients and for us as colleagues, colleagues to work together.	labels:So just describe for me an encounter with an angry or frustrated patient and how you handled that situation.
text:I had a patient's daughter that was very frustrated with what was going on with her mother and She explained this to me. And I, I sat there and I listened to what she had to say. And then I apologized. And I went and told the nurse that would have the patient as well as the the charge nurse and I explained the situation to them so that they could go and talk with the patient's daughter to kind of work out what was going on.	labels:So describe the most challenging patient experience you've had and how you handle that.	episode_done:True
text:Okay, so start telling me about yourself.\nMy name is Kai in and then you can call me Keon. And I just graduated from segi University with a degree in financial management. And during my study time, I learned a lot about our management, accounting, financial management, and corporate finance. So I have the knowledge of appropriate knowledge in finance, and also participate in a few activities in my university. Forward, for example, is he was assigned to raise a fund for refugees school, and then he was assigned five members. And then in this activity, we get to brainstorm what kind of product that we want to sell. And then what is our strategy to promote our products. And also, how are we going to achieve the expected sales?	labels:Those are full time job?
text:No, it's actually an activity extra extra activity in my university. Yeah, that's what we sell	labels:Okay, then can you know what kind of why you apply for this position?	episode_done:True
text:and could you tell me why you would like to be a midwife?\nSo I want to be, I want to work with women and their families during the transition and change and assist in the process of people giving birth, I want to empower women to make choices about their bodies have been withheld, confidence struck. I think being a midwife is a massive privilege. I think birth is a life altering physical experience that has the power to be spiritually meaningful, and was for a family to let you be part of that journey, whether that's the journey when the fetus is six months old, whoever, that's the journey, when the baby's coming out. I just think it's just one big massive privilege just be part of it. I've been drawn into midwifery since have my own two children. I have two completely different birth and experiences.	labels:Sort of heritage Kayla thing. So could you tell me about some of the reading around the subject that you've done?	episode_done:True
text:Okay, so tell me a little bit about yourself, Juliana.\nSo, my name is Juliana. I graduated in 2009. My major is in Business Administration. I have experience working as a financial assistant, and also in a banking industry. I'm really organized it. Especially in the workplace, I like to keep things organized. So if I had to find something really quickly, it's easier. Also, I like to work with people helping people I like to work with numbers. And I really like to work in groups or in teams so I can share and learn new things.	labels:Your English pronunciation is excellent.	episode_done:True
text:So here your hours may fluctuate between days nights, and we might need you on holidays or send you out to events or schedule them. Would that be a problem? The flexibility at all?\nI'm already used to that working in retail, you have to kind of be available whenever. So definitely already used to that that's not a problem for me at all. I'm graduating. So school is not an issue anymore. I'm pretty open.	labels:And do you have any questions, comments or anything for me?	episode_done:True
text:So Philippi? How are you today?\nFine.	labels:As you're aware, we wanted to take a moment to thank you for coming in to share your knowledge and expertise and as well as getting an opportunity to clearly demonstrate as well as communicate your skills and abilities. And at the end of the interview, we're going to allow you some time to ask us any questions that you may have. So you were quite comfortable and fully knowledgeable of the position that we're currently recruiting for, we're going to probably start off by asking you to tell us a little bit about yourself Philippi. As you know, we read a book we read about you in paper format, but we're more interested in hearing from you, in your own words, by telling us something about yourself.	episode_done:True
text:So what do you think are your strengths?\nmy strengths would be that I am a leader. And I have had many leadership roles throughout high school and college with being lieutenant governor for key 15 key clubs in Maryland, and then lieutenant governor for for civil k college clubs in Virginia. I'm very compassionate person. And I'm organized.	labels:Nice. So then what would you see as your weaknesses?
text:Even though I have done public speaking a lot through my various leadership roles, I still believe that public speaking is a weakness for myself.	labels:Why should I hire you?	episode_done:True
text:How about a time when you worked with a challenging team member? Tell me a little bit about that?\nWell, I had a class project in biology one time, and instead of getting my portion of the project done, I ended up going to the NCAA Tournament. So I kind of got in some trouble from my teammates on that matter.	labels:I can understand that. All right. So let me just make sure that I've covered all the questions that that I have and let you think about for a moment if you have any questions for me.
text:Well, I would like to learn more about or hear more about training opportunities that Cerner provides to its associates.	labels:Yeah, that's a really good question. So we have several different velocity programs that are associated with several roles that we have here, whether it's an internship opportunity, or full time. So all the all of the roles have a certain either from six weeks to almost four months of training. So just specific to what what role you're interested in. But we definitely do invest a lot, you know, in training our associates when they come on board, and then throughout their career. Okay. Great. Well, thanks, john. It was really nice to talk with you today. And our recruiting team member will be in touch with you here over the next couple of weeks to let you know about next steps. Okay, thanks, Dawn. So a good one. And then if you can think of a question that you have about Cerner, or you know, the opportunity,
text:how many days of vacation would I get, like I really like to travel? Okay, I want to make sure that I can still keep that habit going. Okay.	labels:So for for our internship programs, typically, you know, we really don't have set aside vacation only because you're with us just for a few months, you know, we do have a few holidays where, you know, Memorial Day, Fourth of July usually fall within the internship during the summer, but outside of that, if you do take vacation, you know, that could sometimes cause issues within the project. Maybe you're working in and you don't get paid when you when you don't work during the summer. So, so anyhow, that's that's kind of a scoop on vacation. Okay, but there's weekends, you know, good to know. All right, Carol, what was nice to meet you. They have a great weekend.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me a little bit about your education at Richmond Community College and your experience qualifies and prepares you for this job.\nWell, the my education at Richmond Community College just gives me the classroom work are the class portion of the job skills that are needed in this particular job, and my life experience with just as a first sergeant, the United States Army, I was responsible for a lot of logistical things, managing roughly up to 150 to 175 people. So that gives me good balance on managing things.	labels:Tell me what is your greatest strength?	episode_done:True
text:Cool. All right. Well, speaking of this keyword and scope, can you kind of explain what a closure is in JavaScript?\nYeah, so for my understanding closure is that you create a functional scope. And then inside that functional scope, we have another function and inside the inner function, we can use the outer functions variables. So if we, so it kind of, so let me call the inner function outside the outer function, the outer functions variable is called as enclosure inside the function. So it is formed module and private variable to the function.	labels:Okay, and what, what pitfalls or what issues can arise when using closures and what you have to be careful when using closures.
text:pitfalls, I guess sometimes, we accidentally created some closures, which costs x an external resource use it. And we didn't realize that, that might be one of that. Okay, and the other pitfalls? I can think of other pitfalls right now.	labels:Cool. All right. So let's keep going here. We can bring up questions and answers and stuff at the end here. So can you explain how prototypes in JavaScript work?
text:Okay, so JavaScript is pretty different from the other class or object oriented languages. So all of us say inheritance is based on his prototype. So every function has its prototype, object, and all the weekend stores and method on their prototypes, so that they are The other optics Can, can kind of be happy inherit the productive methods of their parents prototype. And we use prototypes in JavaScript to realize that inheritance.	labels:Okay, cool. Yeah, very good. Um, so can you explain the difference between a double equals and triple equals in JavaScript? Yeah. So
text:if we compare two variables in JavaScript with double equals, then no, no, just to compare the value instead of, yeah, just compare the value and with triple doubles, and we'll compare both the value and the type of the variables.	labels:Cool. Very good. So can you describe the significance and some of the benefits of using use strict at the beginning of your JavaScript source file? Okay.
text:So if you use use, use strict and all the, all the code we write in this file will be in strict mode. And in strict mode, we can avoid some of the errors, or some of the incidents that we accidentally created. For example, I remember, in strict mode, if we accidentally created a global variable, it will report an error. Yeah, and there are some other benefits that I can't remember right now. But it just kind of solution to enhance your coding style.	labels:Yeah, just as a quick side note, like some of the other things that use strict, you know, allows or gives you benefits is that eliminates the this coercion. So then, without strict mode, a reference to this value of null or undefined is automatically like coerced to a global, which can cause like some pull your hair out kind of bugs. You so strict mode, referencing this value, will throw an error if you're trying to do like a null or undefined. It also makes using eval a little safer than it is normally. And also allows some prevent or like disallows duplicate proper names or parameter values. Oh, yeah. Okay, cool. Um, so can you explain what in a n is? And how can you test against it?	episode_done:True
text:And after then, how will you raise a PR Do you understand PR process pull request process?\nrequest process? Yes. So when I pull that request, right there is creating the conflict. Then I need to figure out which one which, which which one I have to accept.	labels:Okay. So, okay, it's sort about all the time conflicts, right, let's say you have written a new brand code, a new Java page class or test class that you have written and there are no conflicts, nobody is working on the same files, or the similar kind of the module that you're working upon nobody's working with that, but you want to push the code to the repository. So as to which branch you will be pushing the code you will pushing the code to the master branch directly or you will be pushing the code to some other branch.
text:No, I will be first pushing on my branch because if there's conflict then I can go back to my to my branch and then restore it to my master. So usually, I work on my branch.	labels:Let's see there is no conflict Everything is fine with your with your code, then
text:then I just pulled the request to the origin master.	labels:So you were saying okay, he will directly push the code to the branch master branch.
text:Yes.	labels:Okay. But who will decide that okay, you are not having any issues with your code.	episode_done:True
text:Wonderful, wonderful. Um, is there any particular area of the law that you really want to stay away from?\nI used to say, criminal law, but then I started doing expungements. And I realized that it's this mesh of civil and criminal and so, you know, I ended up doing it anyway, I actually avoided taking a criminal law class. I, but here I am. So I don't think that there's really any area of law that I would say I want to stay away from, but I do understand the need to specialize my skills and and so I become an expert in a certain area, or at least a few, you know, maybe a few areas. So that's what I would like to do is find a few niche areas of law that I can really dig in and become a valuable asset to the team.	labels:Excellent. And if we called a previous employer, how do you think they would describe you?
text:I would say, a very loyal, reliable and positive, I never left a mess for anyone to clean up. Whenever I went from one job to another one, I've always given full notice. And, you know, communicated with my employers that my reasons for wanting to change jobs and, you know, helps to transition in any way possible, you know, helping to even recommend replacements for my position. So I think that they would say great things about me as an employee.	labels:Okay, excellent. Now, I always ask a, kind of a two part question. So and you kind of answered this already, but I'll just ask it. Um, you know, that most time people come seeking legal advice when they don't, it's wrong in their life. I mean, there's very, very few areas, a lot of the people just stopped by to say, hi. And with that being said, sometimes that, you know, stress can be high, how would you handle a situation, if a client came into the office and, you know, right or wrong, you're probably the first person they're going to see their main contact, and say, they're rude to you.	episode_done:True
text:what about applications? You talk about hardware? And also what about software?\napplication, we actually deal with many applications different but we usually use the operational system which already comes with the networking applications necessary for the for the creation of the land. For example, since we don't slide EA, they already came with us part of the EOS dedicated to networking. They even had this specific operational system for servers. And later on with that speed and sap VSA seven, they already were fully integrated with DLS. So it's really not necessary to download all the applications for networking, which you can already do this by only using the operational system.	labels:What are your thoughts on you know, you've got some good theoretical knowledge and coupled hardware and software as you obviously cannot change cards and drives etc, etc. What would be the advantages of hiring you full time as opposed to outsourcing and just you know, calling them up and replacing?	episode_done:True
text:Um, could you give me an example of how you handled a stressful situation?\nWhen I come upon a stressful situation, I think it's important to step back, look at the big picture, and analyze where you need to go and how you need to get there. So it's just it's a matter of time, and it's willing to work you'll get there.	labels:That's awesome. Why should I hire you?	episode_done:True
text:Where do you see yourself in five years, specifically, he within our company?\nHopefully, I'll be able to develop a market that allows me to interact with people within the teaching profession, and grow our brand using that market as a target client base.	labels:Are you interviewing currently with any other companies, and if so, what interests you about those particular companies as well?	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any queries for me?\nI know quite a bit about the culture and work environment at info future technologies, from your website media reports. And for my seniors who work there. I do have one question to ask you though. Can you let me know about the training opportunities for fresh graduates, especially in the healthcare and biomedical vertical.	labels:In addition to the one week new hire orientation, we have specific training programs based on the industry vertical. We also have project based string sessions. as a trainee, you are rotated across different teams in order to provide cross domain expertise. This will also make you well grounded in organization's internal processes. Does that answer your question? Samira?	episode_done:True
text:So if I say that, okay, let's see, I have a login page and the home page or Java. And then you write your events over there. And you create some page actions methods like that, do login method or search method, something like this? And if I say that, okay, you have to assert within the method only inside your page placeholder, is it a good practice to write the assertion inside the page class?\nI don't think so, to put it assertion in the page classes, because on the page classes, I usually a store my web element, so buy, at find buy and put in the whole my expired cc selectors. So I can just want you to like store my web elements to see the clean. But for the for example, if they're reusability, for the login page, I can put it in other in other package for this code. It's like all the time is reusable. So I can use that method. So then I can put it in another class. That's not	labels:your base class, let's see you're storing your web elements with the address fine, you're using some page factory pattern over there. And in the same page class, you're using your methods as well, right? Your page methods lets you log in method search method. My question is inside the search method, I search for a product. And inside the method itself, I write an assertion in my page class. And then I'll call that method from the J unit or from testing G. Let's see. Is it a good practice?	episode_done:True
text:What's one of your proudest moments?\nMy proudest moment would definitely be being president of my class, it was a great goal for me. And the highlight of that time was definitely giving the graduation speech. It was a shining moment for myself and my family. That's good public speaker.	labels:What is your best quality?	episode_done:True
text:What questions do you have of us?\nYes. So for the first one is Do you have any plan to set up the other brands? The other the continent? Or the Asia or?	labels:Well, we have to see the success here on Queen and young first, we're not going to invest money unless we see some money coming back. We're always open to making money profit. It all depends on the launch and the success and then you know, put your money if it's not going to make money. So yes, we're open to innovation and we are always interested in expanding beyond our local market.
text:Can I change my location?	labels:Well you could apply to for a transfer, it doesn't necessarily mean there's an opening. Should there be a need and based on how well you perform at the location that you're currently working with, we're always interested in people who are mobile to take on increased levels of responsibility and accountability.	episode_done:True
text:Can you provide an example of how you acted as a team player?\nI always tried to help my teammates complete their tasks if I had completed mine. Whenever someone needed to leave earlier, I would offer to cover for them. I'm willing to do whatever it takes for the team or company to succeed.	labels:So what would you do if you didn't get on with someone on your team?
text:I would try to sort things out in a calm and rational manner. I would do my best to get on with that person for the sake of a team.	labels:What are your weaknesses?	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any questions for me?\nYeah, actually. So how does this process work? I've never worked with a recruiter before.	labels:Great. So basically, you know, I think it's a little bit confusing, depending on what clients that you know, you're interviewing for what recruiting agency you're working with, but specifically on our clients come to us, and we go out directly sourcing for them. I do think that, you know, what we can do is awesome new job descriptions as we get them and you need to go ahead and produce things that it's something that you're interested in. If so, then we can hop on a call and just kind of go through all the different bullets, and what they're specifically looking for that way I can give them concrete examples on what you've already come, you know, done.	episode_done:True
text:Okay, nobody's so mean. So let's back to, you know, you have it in Rest assured also. So in Rest assured, like, like, are you like, totally involved? Or you're just writing some test cases? Or just automating some basics of API's? Can you tell me the basics of, you know, some basic syntax of let's see a post called with Rest assured using it.\nright. If I was the post HTTP method, I would first as API testing, I would do some first that request given request given where I put the headers, and then concept type, which will be accepted which format will be accepting, and then I will be given the body request body, and then I will get the response. And that response, I will be validated by that. Response body.	labels:Good, good, good. But let's see, as a body, you are passing a JSON payload, right? In the JSON payload is very heavy. It's a huge file. It's a huge Jason, how are you positive payload with the with this body? What are even best practices, you will be using it?
text:If the JSON payload is too big? Yep. So then maybe, like, like Jason holds array that Jason holds objects, then if it's, it will be. I wouldn't be passing but by	labels:so, let's say you want to add some user, right? Unless your account, there is an ad account API. And then you have to it's a post call. And then you have to pass a huge JSON, let's see there are around 60, 70 attributes are there in your Jason?	episode_done:True
text:Why should I hire you?\nYou should hire me because I'm a recent graduate. I'm young. And so I think it's important that I need to just as much as you wouldn't even get your company.	labels:Well said Well said, if you have any questions for me?	episode_done:True
text:Okay, so how, how did you respond to the person that wasn't doing what they were supposed to do? Basically?\nWell, they were supposed to find a table that we can use, and as well as bottles for the game. And the rest of us were to gather prizes for the contestants to win.	labels:So what was kind of the result? What did what would you? What did you do at that point then?
text:Well, about a week before the event, the table in bottles were, you know, nowhere to be found. So I asked this individual what happened, and I didn't want to react, you know, without without having kind of all the information and knowing you know, why, you know, why they hadn't done their part of the planning. So it turns out that he had a couple assignments due for school that, you know, he needed to complete and didn't have a lot of time to find the bottles and table and didn't really know where to go find these. So I offered to help think of places to where we could find those, and go pick them up, as well as, you know, maybe calling places to see if they would be able to make a donation to our cause. And, you know, for the event, and we're able to work together and get what we needed for the event and raise money towards our fundraiser for our trip.	labels:Perfect. Great example.	episode_done:True
text:Thank you for coming in today, and I'm happy to help you with your preparing for your interview. Why don't we start by having you tell me a little bit about yourself.\nSo I am a senior communications major here at curry. graduating, anticipated graduation is May of 2015, I have very strong points in working with people. I am very involved here at curry. So I'm a part of the Student Activities Office, I'm a student worker there. It's an orientation leader as well, I have a background in theatre, I've spent almost half of my life doing theater. I have vocal talents, I've taken voice lessons for nine years, I don't know what else to say, I don't know what else to talk about.	labels:What is a weakness that you have?	episode_done:True
text:Do you want to ask anything else?\nAnd can I also asked, please, what's frustrated you about people who've held this position in the past?	labels:Yeah, that's an excellent question. So as a company, we look for people that have a willingness to learn and a drive to move forward. As Andy mentioned, we're expanding our operations at the moment. And so having that drive and willingness to learn is really important to us. Unfortunately, previous employees in the role have lacked that ambition and drive to move forward. So that's what we're looking for in the ideal candidate for this role.
text:And I know I would say this, but I'm very enthusiastic and ambitious. So I believe that I can bridge that gap for sure. Just one final question. If I am successful, what would you need me to concentrate on within the first 30 days of starting in the position?	labels:Yeah, it's important for us that you get into a position where you can really help us achieve those goals as quick as you can, we really do to get up to speed as quick as possible. As Andy said, we've got those really massive goals that we're aiming for. So we need you to get in a position where you'll be comfortable, and you can help us drive towards those goals.	episode_done:True
text:your base class, let's see you're storing your web elements with the address fine, you're using some page factory pattern over there. And in the same page class, you're using your methods as well, right? Your page methods lets you log in method search method. My question is inside the search method, I search for a product. And inside the method itself, I write an assertion in my page class. And then I'll call that method from the J unit or from testing G. Let's see. Is it a good practice?\nYeah, yeah, what you can do also like putting on that page classes for that, like main functionalities.	labels:So what I'm saying is that writing the assertion inside the page method, or inside the page class, is it a good practice?
text:inside of the method, it's good practice, but I never use putting on the classes page classes, I usually put on the method and then out of that page classes,	labels:okay. Okay. So tell me what are the disadvantages with the page object model design pattern. So these are the advantages you said again, maintenance, reusability, and everything. And then some disadvantages with this page object model.	episode_done:True
text:You can tell me what is your strength?\nmy strength is I am a very committed person. And I always do I always keep my 110% to everything that I want to do or I love to do. And so I am a very patient person. So I usually in any situation even like my face, but obviously go Ruby calm so I won't take very I was think about I was plan and think about what would happen if I take this step	labels:What is your weakness,	episode_done:True
text:Okay, excellent. Now, I always ask a, kind of a two part question. So and you kind of answered this already, but I'll just ask it. And, you know, like I said, a lot of times are coming to the firm for assistance, during a very traumatic time in their life. And with that being said, sometimes that, you know, stress can be high, how would you handle a situation, if a client came into the office and, you know, right or wrong, you're probably the first person they're going to see their main contact, and say, they're rude to you.\nThat does happen quite frequently, unfortunately, because they are stressed. And they're confused. It's a, you know, there's so much jargon and they don't know what's going to happen. And, you know, remember my tone, especially, and try to ask questions to get information so that I can understand their their question because they a lot of times don't even know where to begin with, you know, asking for help. And then, you know, just say, You're not the only one that's went through this and it will be okay.	labels:Excellent, excellent. And, and kind of part two of that questions, because you will have such an interactive relationship with each individual, you're going to know a lot about their personal life. How would you handle a situation where, you know, a client would say, Nicolette, what should I do now?
text:Gosh, that happens a lot with a rent because people want to know if they have to pay the rent. And all I can say it's very hard. And sometimes I have to say it over and over again, for them to understand that I cannot tell them whether or not they can pay their day should pay their rent. That's a decision that they're going to have to make based on their situation. And so you know it. Sometimes I feel like I'm a broken record whenever I'm in those situations, because it's tempting to say, you know, this, but it can't. So I just have to say it and be firm that that's all I'm going to give you.	labels:Yeah. Excellent. Excellent. So from your resume, I can see you have done very well. And obviously, you've done well. Professionally, you've done well, in your education. What advice would you give to say, new paralegal student or student in general? What are some of the keys to success that you think are necessary?	episode_done:True
text:I'm talking about Do you understand what is a virtual capacity?\ncapacity? I'm not sure about it. The capacity of the aerialist. Okay,	labels:let's try nobodies. So what's the capacity of analysts by default virtual capacity of analysts is 10.
text:The capacitor	labels:Okay, okay, fine. Nobody's. So how comfortable you are in Java, like you're writing your code in Java, right in your framework, and you're doing Rest assured, also everything. Okay, so, okay, everybody, so that's good. So can you tell me that total number of bytes are taken by long? Oh, how many bytes? That's a very, very basic question.
text:Three point. Now,	labels:I'm not talking about the range. I'm talking about total number of bytes. It will take one byte to byte four bytes.
text:For the long right, it will take eight bytes.	labels:eight bytes, right. Okay. So tell me in Java, like, Are you comfortable with the basics of collections?	episode_done:True
text:Can you describe a time for me ever that you may have disagreed on a decision that was made for you and staff members at work? And how did you deal with this?\nSure, within the field of education, there are new initiatives being rolled out all the time. And sometimes those initiatives get mandated. You have to teach this way this many times a week. And when something like that happens, I think it's important to go back to what you know about your profession or your skill set and be able to provide research that supports why you do what you do. And I think when faced with the difficulty again, it's important to do what the boss says. And it's an important to also advocate for what might be best for the customer or student.	labels:All right, we're gonna Then move on to some cognitive behavioral questions. And basically, these questions are designed. They're not necessarily about your past your experience, they're sort of out of the box questions. And so just do your best at answering them as we go through this. So, if you were an animal, what would you be? And why?	episode_done:True
text:And do you have any questions, comments or anything for me?\nI guess I'm just looking at how soon you're looking to fill the position.	labels:We are looking to fill it as soon as possible. And there are a few number of a number of other applicants. But after looking through all of your experience and prior knowledge, I feel like it might set you ahead and so I'm just going to review everything with my colleagues and we will be able to get back to you within a few days. Hopefully regardless, we'll get back in touch with you. Um, so yeah, after looking through everything I'm very happy with. I feel like you'd fit in here as well. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:I'm just wondering if I can ask you a few questions. So that we've got some idea of what you know about broad reach international?\nAbsolutely. Okay. Well, I've had a look at your website. And I've obviously gone through the position description. So it's my understanding that broadreach International is large and independently owned corporate services company. And you have offices in every capital city of Australia. The mouth.	labels:Excellent, excellent. I'm glad you spent some time on that website and doing some research that shows initiative and forethought. Well done. Thank you. I wonder if you can tell me a little bit about yourself?	episode_done:True
text:Thats good to hear! Would you mind telling me a little bit about your present job?\nIm a head broker in a large international company. I deal with clients on a daily basis, handling all aspects of their accounts personally.	labels:Why do you think you are the right candidate for this position?
text:I have a lot of experience in the stock market. And I enjoy working with people. As a matter of fact, in my current job Im in charge of a team of eight brokers.	labels:Well, you might just be the person weve been looking for. Do you have any questions?
text:Yes. If I were hired, how many accounts would I be handling?	labels:Youd be working with two other head brokers. In other words, youd be handling about a third of our clients.	episode_done:True
text:Can you tell me why you want this job?\nWell, the description sounded very interesting. And I think I can succeed at it.	labels:Why should we choose you for this job?	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any computer skills?\nI'm familiar with Microsoft Office. And I've worked with Windows NT.	labels:Do you speak any other languages?	episode_done:True
text:What kind of hours would you prefer?\nI'm flexible, but I prefer to have the weekends off.	labels:Would you be willing to work one day during the weekend?	episode_done:True
text:What would you say your best quality is?\nIt is probably my passion. I'm very passionate about what I do. I'm passionate about caring for my patients. And I get very involved in their lives and their treatment and really feel passionate about them, doing well and being self sufficient.	labels:Okay. Okay, now, can you give me an example of how you would handle a stressful situation?	episode_done:True
text:So where do you see yourself saying the next five years?\nI want to work for a firm that is a strong team that I can learn from and that is energizing, that is working on cases that are, you know, setting new precedent and, you know, challenging the status quo and finding new ways to help people through the legal system.	labels:Okay. Excellent. Excellent. And what do you know about us that makes you want to work with us?
text:Well, I have an interest in bankruptcy from my experience. And so I'm very excited about that possibility to see both sides of the bankruptcy law and federal courts because I haven't done much with that. And I would like to do litigation, more litigation support than I have been allowed to do. So that the bankruptcy part is very interesting, and the sec. requirements are new to me, and I love to learn things. And I think that there are lots of things that go on, pertaining to sec regulations that people should be more aware of. So I would love to learn about that as well.	labels:Wonderful, wonderful. Um, is there any particular area of the law that you really want to stay away from?	episode_done:True
text:Well, so before we get started, just thought I'd give you a little information about myself. And then I'll let you have the opportunity to do the same. And then we'll go through a series of interview questions. I'll be taking notes throughout the time while we're talking. So I don't want you to think that I'm not paying attention. But I just want to be able to capture the information as we go along. So I can kind of do my assessment at the end. So sounds good?\nSounds great.	labels:So I've been with Cerner for about eight years. And currently I'm on the recruiting team. And I've been in various groups throughout that time, really enjoyed my career thus far at Cerner and graduate of University of Nebraska. And so anyhow, that's a little bit about myself. So I'll go ahead and turn it over to you to just let me know a little bit more about your background and experiences as they relate to this position.
text:Okay. Well, Emely, I have a strong background in school, I currently have a 3.6 GPA. And I focus the majority of my classwork around math and science, which is, you know, really what I enjoy, also involved in several student organizations, including fbla, where I serve as the treasurer helping collect dues for members, planning events. And I also enjoy being involved in the Spanish club and as volunteer, you know, with volunteer activities, and then also on the football team.	labels:Okay, so it sounds like you're pretty involved. That's great.	episode_done:True
text:So describe the most challenging patient experience you've had and how you handle that.\nThe most challenging patient experience will probably been we had a patient on our unit for a very long time. And he required a sitter with him at all times. And nobody really wanted to do it. So I kept volunteering to sit with him. And one night while sitting with him, he ended up choking me, and the most, I do not want to let that discourage me like that one situation discouraged me from becoming a nurse. So I kept going, I think the most challenging part was having to take care of him after the incident as well.	labels:So tell me that time you like received a difficult supervisor? And how did you respond to the feedback that they gave you? And what changes Did you implement? after that?
text:In the work environment, I've not really received any negative feedback from a supervisor. However, in a clinical experience with a clinical instructor. I received some negative feedback from him. And I went to him and spoke with him, one on one to talk about what was going on with the negative feedback and how I could fix it. And I explained to him who I was because this was the beginning of our clinical. So he didn't really know who I was. So I taught like we talked about who I was and everything like that. And after that, we ended up becoming very close as clinical instructor and student and he he inspired me and impacted me a lot in my nursing career.	labels:That's pretty much it for my questions. Do you have any questions for me?	episode_done:True
text:So these are getting failed. So that's an application issue or an issue with your script.\nI tried to figure out first, which there, what was the fail? And then try to find the the reason of the reason how it became is it my test scripts failing? Or is it from is it really a real bug? So if it's my Yeah, it's if it's my faith that test scripts fail. And so I tried to retest it on my local machine try to understand or is that like, I miss the some part of the functionalities? So if it's my case, a test scripts is failing, though, I'm trying to fix it. If it's not from my side, then I have to check my locks. Like, where's the problem? And then if it's like getting continuously that the same test cases was failing, those are going to approach to my developer.	labels:Okay. So tell me that. What is the reason that you are getting your script failure? application is working fine. But the failures are coming because of your script? What could be the reason? Can you tell me a couple of issues? A couple of practical reasons.
text:Yeah, one developer when they released a new feature, and I have, in my I start, like when writing the test scripts, and then one future can the functionality which is, which is like, like, connect, connect to another functionalities, so I can have that problem. It's not like chainable, it's, we have sometimes like, one, when I'm creating the one functionality to try to test it can be failed to another cause to another futures. So sometimes they have this kind of problem. And we can What else? This is me run.	labels:Okay, so let's say you found out Okay, these are the five test cases and they are getting failed because of your script issue. What will be the next action item? That you are going to do that? How exactly you're going to fix them?	episode_done:True
text:okay. So, how comfortable you are in Selenium? Like, if I asked you some basic questions on Selenium? So where do you see like, yeah, this is the the most strong area that I feel comfortable in selenium,\nI would say everything to Selenium	labels:So, tell me why do you get a stale Element Reference exception
text:when its element is old. For example, if I refresh the window or the you know, when I refresh it, and it became old, then I have that exception stale element.	labels:Okay, good. What do we know refresh? Why Why suddenly what happens when you refresh the page you are getting stale element, but element will be there right after refreshing Also, you can put a weight over here and element is still will be there. But you are getting stale Element Reference exception?	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any other skills that might help you on this job?\nYes, I have secretarial experience. I can answer phone calls, use a computer, type 60 words a minute, and speak French and Japanese. I also have good organizational skills.	labels:How about doing PR?	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever worked in a work as required basis? Have you ever had to work on anything on call?\non call? No. But I must say that I already spend many nights doing projects for university planning, making programs as well. So I must say that I'm totally ready for being eager to help the company and the problems with existence.	labels:are you stronger in software, or in hardware?	episode_done:True
text:Okay. My name is Emely and I will be doing the interview with you today, we're gonna ask you a number of questions for your suitability for the role. So if you can start with if you can tell me about yourself, that'd be great.\nI'm very good with clients and customers because I understand, for your business to be successful, I need to not only act as a positive role model, but I need to provide outstanding service. So your customers and clients come back to your business time and time again, I'm happy working on my own. But I also like to work as part of a team. I'm a very fast learner. So if you give me a task, I will learn it quickly. I'll always be the first person to volunteer to do a job that needs to be done. And You have my word that if you hire me in this position, I will perform to a very high standard and I will help you to achieve your commercial and your financial objectives.	labels:That's great. Thank you. So could you tell us a little bit why you want to work here with us?	episode_done:True
text:Please tell me about your previous work experience.\nWell, I've been working in sales and marketing for three years now. The first company that I worked for media where went out of business after I was there just one year. I then went to work for universal systems for two years and have just been laid off.	labels:Have you ever been promoted?	episode_done:True
text:Are you considering any other jobs?\nYes, I have applied to several other positions and I'm considering them as well. We may not be able to let you know about this position until next week.	labels:Are you still interested?
text:Yes, I'm still very interested.	labels:Okay, we'll be in touch by next week.	episode_done:True
text:Okay, well, do you have any questions for me as your prospective manager?\nOkay, so going forward. There. I have seen some staffing issues, especially during night shift. Okay. And I was wondering what know, what's being done?	labels:What are we doing about that? Yeah. So, you know, I've spoken to my colleagues and to the people above me, and we're, we're looking at ways to create more fluidity within the budget, right, perhaps, you know, we're looking at hiring new nurses and, you know, as a new nurse, you very well may find yourself on night shifts. That's why you may be the vanguard of our of our staffing solution, if you will.	episode_done:True
text:How would you describe your personality?\nI'm hard working, eager to learn. I enjoy working with other people. And I love challenges.	labels:Could you tell me something about yourself?
text:Yes. My name is Julie Thompson. I'm married. I have three kids, one son and two daughters.	labels:How would you describe yourself?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about your career goals. Or if you were to receive this job, what is your plan? What's your long term goal?\nMy long term goals right now is to own my own business. If I was to get this job, I would continue to work this job and continue my education. My plans right now is continuing my education and get a Bachelor's in accounting and in advance about a master's in accounting and I would cause continue to work this job and my ultimate goal is to own my own health, home healthcare service business.	labels:Do you have any questions for me?	episode_done:True
text:Okay, so that's getting the word of you didn't you didn't answer the question as to how you would set up everything. Where would you do it? What's the location?\ndepartment? store.gov? That's the best thing.	labels:But where? Any particular place?
text:No, our store?	labels:Yeah, you said your store. But we're in the perfume department. special area,	episode_done:True
text:Yeah. Can you tell me about your role in the team? What do you feel is your role to play?\nMy role? My role to play in that team, when I would say is promoting coordination between all the staff members, not just amongst nurses, techs, nurses, doctors, BTS, because you want to have a good working relationship with the Lord in order to have like the best patient outcomes.	labels:Okay. So So would you say that you, you're, you feel like you're a good facilitator and team environment?
text:Oh, definitely. And I and, and Molly cases, I'd like to get the meat, the meat of the issue presented to the patient rather than get caught up in trivial matters. Okay.	labels:on that, you know, continuing down that that line of thought he told me about a time that you've been working in a team environment, experience conflict, and maybe how the I'm not concerned about the outcome, but I want to understand how you how you handle that conflict.	episode_done:True
text:tell me a little bit about yourself?\nWell,my name is Joy Brown. I'm 27 years old, and I'm single.	labels:How would you describe your personality?	episode_done:True
text:So now I'm looking for a time, if you could give me one where you actually demonstrated your customer service skills, if you can think back to like maybe one specific,\nyeah, I do have a good one for that. Actually, I have this older guest guest who comes in. And if we ever don't have her products, I'll call the other store and make sure they have it for her to come pick up. Whoever she's older. She doesn't have a smartphone doesn't have GPS. So she has my direct line. So when she gets in the area, she calls me and I walk her through it to get to the store. Okay, so I do that for every time I need to get her from one location to the other because she's older. She doesn't know. Yeah, just got her a little flip phone. So she has kept his extension. And she calls and I walk her through it every time. So awesome.	labels:So that's the way you've established obviously repeat customers
text:when she comes back to me because she knows that I'm going to get her what she needs from there no matter what.	labels:Yeah, definitely. And have you, I guess, developed other repeat customers+
text:I'm sure I've got I've got my rags for sure that they come back to me because they know that the last time I was there, I suggested something that they loved. So the next time, that's probably gonna happen again, I definitely will come back at looking for me. Yeah,	labels:And so what else in in your job? Or in your current job? Could you see applying to our position here at Macy's?	episode_done:True
text:Nice to meet you. Did you have a good time getting here?\nI did. Yeah, it was easy to find no problem is good, although weather is Okay, yeah. Thankfully spring is breaking.	labels:I think so let's hope. Okay, so And also, can you tell me a little bit about yourself?	episode_done:True
text:Any other things that you would hope would be different?\nIve performed well in my job and contributed a lot. But promotions and pay increases are slow at my current firm. Its really an environment where seniority matters at least as much as performance. Id hope to get a better compensation package.	labels:What level of compensation are you looking for?
text:I dont have an exact figure in mind, but to move from the current situation that I am very secure in, it would have to be attractive.	labels:Could you tell me what you are earning now?
text:My base pay is in the mid-90s, plus my bonus can easily run another 15 percent or so.	labels:Beyond the day-to-day client servicing, could you tell me about any particular initiatives of which you are particularly proud in your current position?	episode_done:True
text:Okay, fine. That's okay. So one last thing about rk because you have written you are using zero and all those things, right? You're using agile, and attending the scrum meetings and everything. So how comfortable you are with zero.\nWith JIRA. Each time when we have a sprint screen, there is an the back lock on the features. I took a ticket, and then I start my testing those features. And then if there is a bug, so I created, I raised the bark and then report the bark, create the bark, and I put it in the JIRA. And then I put the holder step definitions how it was how I found it. Did the test cases how it was positive, negative and then if put in the holder, attach the all in with evidence and screenshots, if I will able to do the video. So I uploaded the whole on the those raised back was the name of the ticket was the name of that map name and then assigned to myself and then I assigned to developer.	labels:Okay. Okay, there'll be no i think that's, that's good. So that's all from my side. What do you think about? So the interview is done interviews over? What do you think I was it?
text:I got lost the following questions like when you concentrating on one thing, and then he was going, you know, like, another questions is like, trying to, like, it's, uh, yeah, I guess I had a lot of gaps that I need to cover.	labels:Okay, so let me start the feedback part. Okay. See, your graph was like that. You when you started, you started like that, and then it was going down?	episode_done:True
text:That's great. Thank you. So could you tell us a little bit why you want to work here with us?\nI'm also at the stage in my career where I see myself staying with the same organization for a long period of time. And because from what I understand, during my research, you have very ambitious plans for the future. And I would like to be a part of those. Finally, I have and I understand that you hire lots of talented and bright people. So again, that's good for me, because I will get to work alongside some people who will push me and they will challenge me. And that's great for my long term future career plans. So those are the main reasons I see myself being here for a long period of time. And I will be able to grow as your company grows as well.	labels:Thank you, Richard, What experience do you have which is relevant to this role?	episode_done:True
text:When you're interviewing someone for a job, what qualities are you looking for?\nactually looking for qualities, more so that deal with teamwork, ability to attention to detail, and see if they can work by themselves at times, we know that all times they won't be able to but the ability to be to take self initiative and to work alone.	labels:If you would tell me how many times you think and say a six month period, it's okay to be late to work.	episode_done:True
text:How will your education help you with this position?\nMy education has taught me how to work hard and how to succeed. It also taught me a lot about society, and business environment.	labels:Please tell me about your formal education.	episode_done:True
text:Have is your education help with your work?\nIt taught me the basics of accounting and also about business. It taught me how to solve problems and how to work hard.	labels:Can you tell me about your previous job experience, please?	episode_done:True
text:So tell me the difference between table and hashmap.\nOkay, delete hash is synchronized or non synchronized, hash table, hash map, or hash map. It's synchronized.	labels:Okay, what do you mean by synchronized?
text:thread Right.	labels:If a particular collection is synchronized, what do you understand by that?
text:It means that	labels:Okay, that's perfectly fine. It's okay. If you're not sure about it. Okay, so I can see in your resume that you are using Git repositories as well to maintain the code. So are you comfortable with Git? Check, are you actually using Git commands and everything to push the code to pull the code. So let's say there is a very new repository that you have created. And the new code, you have Maven project that we have created in your, in your Eclipse. And then you have to push the code to the repository to the GitHub, tell me the commands, what are the different commands, you will be using it?	episode_done:True
text:All right. Well, that might not be hard to do here. Why should I hire you?\nBecause they're different. I'll bring the watch the company along with skills, but a good personality that'll fit well with group.	labels:Good answer. Do you have any questions for me?	episode_done:True
text:Or how do you like, test to see if a value is equal to na n?\nRemember, we cannot use triple or a double equals to check and they n? Is that correct?	labels:Yeah. So for example, if you did like the type of na n, triple equals to the string literal number, actually log out to true. Assess to true. But if you kind of compared na n in a yen with a triple equals it would actually return back false. So the type of the type of na n is actually a liberal string. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Cool. Um, alright, let's switch gears here. Actually, real quick. Can you define what a promises in JavaScript?
text:Define promises?	labels:Yes.
text:Yeah. So that's to me promises is a good way to, to avoid a callback how in JavaScript and provided is more clear and more, more more convenient way to write a synchronous JavaScript code. And so promise has three kind of conditions is fulfilled pending and and what is the third one? Oh, yeah. Yeah. So. So if the writer promised and we can call the callback function with the then method, and can use cash their arrow with the cash method?	labels:Yeah. Oh, yeah. Very good. Um, so you mentioned callback hell. So what is callback hell? And how can you kind of avoid it?
text:So callback hell is that we use as so many callback functions inside one by one. So we have one inside one callback function inside the first one, and then the third one inside the second one, and back and forth. So a good way to avoid callback Hell is to use the promise that I just mentioned. And the second way to avoid callback Hell is to use the some new features in iOS six, I remember we can use the generator, generator function in year six to write some to write a synchronous JavaScript, synchronous code. Synchronous. And also in Yes, seven iron ever there is a weight function of a weak operator. I haven't tried it yet. But I know there is something right. They're	labels:cool. Yeah, generators is a good additional kind of information out there. So I won't we won't go into too much details of generators and good data to look up. Um, so how does node j. s handle child threads?	episode_done:True
text:Can you give me an example of how you would handle a stressful situation?\nUm, that's interesting. I actually think stress is a good thing. When it comes to a career. I find it like a hurdle like you've to leap towards new goals. Okay, like stress, the more stress you put on me, the better I'll do. Okay. Wow.	labels:All right. Well, that might not be hard to do here. Why should I hire you?	episode_done:True
text:Okay, then can you know what kind of why you apply for this position?\nI apply in this position because I am interested in working as a credit analyst and and also, I would like to work in the banking sector. So credit analyst is definitely one of my stuffing stack to get into the banking sector.	labels:And guess what do you learn about banking?
text:because banking, I can practice my expertise, my what I study in my university, because I study finance. So I think banking sector is would be a place that I can practice my knowledge.	labels:But to practice knowledge, we still have a lot, a lot of industry to joining, but why choose banking, banking, can be financial analyst, IT company, or you can even join audit firm, to be an accountant, you start probably don't even know, but why choose banking?
text:And then, of course, the industry is very stable. So looking for a more stable company instead of microSD. With Greek kind of industry, that's where I choose some banking sector.	labels:What is your long term goal?	episode_done:True
text:tell me a little bit about yourself?\nI actually just recently graduated from Penn State this past spring. I have a bachelor's in English and fashion merchandise.	labels:Oh, that's, that's wonderful. Okay, and can you tell me what you feel your greatest strength is?	episode_done:True
text:So but you are saying that you're converting your Manual Test Cases into automation, but on what basis? What can you tell me that is everything you are going to convert into automation, or there is some criteria,\nI'll try to convert everything like to make it 100% automation test. Taking the whole day, like a main functionalities, like the words of priority one, what can I do to test not just only like, before the manual, I try to understand the concept of the the business logic of the application. And then first, I'm trying to like manual tested and then try to come up with the idea how I can estimate.	labels:So you are saying 100% automation you are trying to achieve? Like it means it certify that you guys are not doing any manual testing? Right? If 100% automation, everything you're doing with respect to automation? And can you claim that okay, your automation is absolutely working fine. You don't need to do any manual testing.
text:No, I cannot say this, like a my framework application 100% of the merit, but I'm trying to get to that, like as as much as as much as I can to automate the features.	labels:can you tell me? Can you tell me with few examples? Where, okay, these are the best candidates for the automation. These are test cases, I'm going to pick for the automation, these are the best one. And some of the test cases should not be automated. Can you tell me what all those test cases I should not automate?	episode_done:True
text:That's fine.Tell me about your your biggest accomplishment. Tell me something you've done that was surprising that you weren't prepared for that you've learned about yourself or about the company.\nI didn't think that I would be able to go in there and learn everything as fast as I do. At the end of the few months. I've been there getting patients registered.	labels:I see on your resume that you worked at Michelle's salon as cashiers as generally a fast paced job do you have any issues they are able to keep up?	episode_done:True
text:Please tell me about your educational background.\nI graduated from Cornell University in 1994. With a BA in computer science.	labels:Why did you choose computer science?
text:Well, ever since I've been young, I've been interested in computers. So when I entered university, I thought that a career in computers would be a good choice.	labels:Have you ever studied outside of the university?	episode_done:True
text:To start off with this interview. Can you speak something about yourself?\nSure, ma'am. Currently, I'm in the final semester of my biomedical engineering course. Or during my school years, especially in class 12, I was equally fascinated by biology, physics and maths. For a while I thought of taking pre medical entrance exams. But then I decided to pursue my career in a more modern and multidisciplinary subject.  I got 86% in my class 10 exams an 88% in my class 12 I was awarded the National Talent Search examination scholarship in class 10.	labels:Well, thanks, Samira. This is a good deal of yours. Well, tell me something about yourself. I mean, apart from studies.	episode_done:True
text:Have you got any questions from for me?\nYes, I do. I gave some some forethought to this. So thanks for asking. About to know if I if I did, actually Well, if I was offered the job. When when I would begin	labels:if you were offered the job and we'd be able to tell you on Friday. You we would really like you to begin within two weeks. Is that possible for you?
text:Absolutely. Yeah. Definitely be ready to go in two weeks. Excellent. Can I ask another question?	labels:Yes.	episode_done:True
text:What exactly made you apply for this job at our company?\nI can see that your company has much future growth potential. I would love to grow my career at a company that has a great reputation in the software industry.	labels:What are your strengths?
text:my strengths are persistence and courage. give my all to achieve my goals. In spite of any hardships I might encounter along the way. I have a hard working nature. I'm always looking for ways to improve and grow. I'm also a great team player.	labels:Can you provide an example of how you acted as a team player?	episode_done:True
text:What do you think that your strengths are?\nI say that I have initiative. I work well under pressure. And I have a calm, calm demeanor. And I work well as part of a team.	labels:Excellent. Teamwork is very important. And I can think of no more important role than a receptionist because you're dealing with wide range of clients for all of the people within your team. So teamwork is always important. Can you perhaps tell me what you think might be your weaknesses?	episode_done:True
text:And could you tell me some of the challenges that midwives are facing at the moment in the UK?\nOkay, well, I know there are big challenges the number of midwives. I read somewhere recently that every single year with all the midwives that leave the NHS of the profession, only one midwife get added. So with all those people that go to university, there's only one extra midwife per year that get added into the healthcare profession. So it's a very right now a very they need more midwives to keep everything going.	labels:Okay, think about some of these. So that's something they're stuffing is definitely an issue and we think perhaps the government is going to be trying to supply some more midwives, which would be very nice. There's room as of 3500 extra, which would be brilliant. Um, can you think about some of the challenges that midwives have with the particular clients they look after these days?
text:Oh gosh, there must be so many challenges. Everyone likes to have their care a certain way, which is fine, that's fantastic and great. But you have to be able to look after that family, or that individual that mom without judgment without to accept the way that she wants her care to go. You have to always take on the fact that people are different religions, people go through different different disappointments, different journeys, different ways of having the children. treat everyone as individuals. And that's going to be harmful to people. What that person is wanting, not for them to adapt to how you want. Okay,	labels:and could you tell me why you would like to be a midwife?	episode_done:True
text:Great, well, you say you have an interest in outdoor activity activities. So this would be a great company for you to work at. That being said, what else do you know about our company?\nWell, I know you've been around for a long time since the late 1930s. And what really caught my attention the most was the idea that it was started by people who had a passion for the outdoors and found a way to involve others in their experience. I like the idea to that your company is consistently ranked among the top 100 companies to work for by Fortune magazine. And I thought growing with a company that has that level of success would be a good place to be great.	labels:Why? Why do you want this particular position here within within our customer service department?	episode_done:True
text:What's your greatest weakness?\nMy greatest weakness would definitely be that I worry too much. I think that things aren't going to go well and it gets in my head but I just need to get my priorities straight and I move along well, they can always be a good thing.	labels:What's one of your proudest moments?	episode_done:True
text:What do you think your best quality is?\nMy best quality would probably have to be my energy, like being energetic. I'm a really big conversing. I'm open. I love being friendly, big family friends.	labels:Great. That's great, because we are like a family here. So we want team players. Can you give me an example of how you would handle a stressful situation?	episode_done:True
text:Do you speak any other languages?\nI can speak German and some Russian.	labels:Do you have any other special job skills that would help you do your job?	episode_done:True
text:I require a four-year college degree in Finance. Some working experience would be helpful.\nWhat kind of experience are you looking for?	labels:Doing office work is good. However, since this is an entry-level position, I do not require a lot of experience. I am willing to train the new person.
text:That is great!	labels:user, tell me a little bit about yourself.
text:I was a student at West Coast University, and I just graduated with a Bachelor degree in Finance. I have been working part-time as a payroll clerk for the last two years.	labels:What are you looking for in a job?	episode_done:True
text:And what about your greatest weakness?\nThis could be my experience. I've only worked full time for two years now. I think I need more experience.	labels:What's your greatest strength?
text:I think my greatest strength is my creativity. Sometimes my boss would ask my advice on a project because of my creativity.	labels:Can you give me an example?	episode_done:True
text:What are some of your personal interests outside of work?\nWell, I've really enjoyed gardening. It helps me relax. I also enjoy learning foreign languages,	labels:but foreign languages have you studied?	episode_done:True
text:Okay. What would they say is the thing that you need to do a little better? We all have those things we can improve upon, what's the thing that you're working on?\nComing off are not coming off so hard for them individual things. Like if you make a mistake, you know, why did you make the mistake and try to find out the root problem of it and then teach them better on so it didn't happen again.	labels:Okay. What do you think it takes to be a good employee?	episode_done:True
text:So I want you to write a function or method to count the different ways to translate that number and print out the different translations of that number.\nI'm sorry, sorry, let me ask why. Think about the question. Suppose one number is one number mapped to one letter.	labels:Not necessarily right, because a so in For example, 12 right here could be a B Or it could be L. Right?
text:Oh, yeah.	labels:So we're trying to find all permutations that are possible from that.
text:Oh, okay. I see. Um, so for example, this 12258 can be translated to a BB something, or.	labels:Yeah. So some of the POS, I think there's five translations for that string and let me give them to you real quick if you want to type them down. It will be a BB, eh, a V HAVH.
text:Uh huh.	labels:Okay, a b YHLBEHLYH. y ah,
text:Okay, I see why you're thinking this. ABC. Okay. Let me think about it for for a moment. So first, we need to segment to segment all the numbers. So and check if they are single digit or a double digit. If it's single digits, of course, we can translate that to into a letter. And if and if it's double digit, we will check if this number is under 26 points can translate to another number. Yeah. And then we will find a permutation of all the possible solutions possible combinations.	labels:So can you just give me because we've got about seven minutes or so to like, get through this. And you don't necessarily write code, just kind of like, talk to me through a little bit of the process of how you would do that approach, just verbally. If you want to write some pseudocode to help explain it. That's great, too. I just want to see your approach and still leave some time for questions.
text:Okay. Let me run through my mind for a second. So first, I think I'll establish a dictionary to store all of the numbers between math with the letters. That's the first step. And then I will Second, the numbers to see how many, how many ways of segmentations are there for these numbers. And a detailed process of segmenting is that Oh, try one by one for the for For example, I will try. Firstly, to segment the numbers to all the all of the numbers are segmented into single digit. And then keep one single digit and try others with with double digit and do that loop continuously to find all of the combinations, and then translate all of the segmentations to number combinations.	labels:Cool. Yeah. Awesome. So that leaves us with about No, that's actually a good way to approach it. Oh, cool. Um, so I'm going to leave about 15 minutes here. So I'll start with you if you have any particular questions about the interview process. Any other questions or comments you'd like to make? And then I'll kind of open it up to everyone here.
text:Okay, so, uh, I now I aim to be a front end developer. And so I'm working on JavaScript and mostly and web development. So one thing that always confusing, confusing me is that, what should I work on the most as a front end developer? Should I work on more like data structures or algorithms? Or should I focus more on the features on JavaScript or some to have more developing experience on new frameworks or some new projects?	labels:Yeah, so my, my recommendation for everyone on that question, um, you know, frameworks, first of all, they come and go, frameworks also help you to like make better decisions or write better code. They are not a solution to a problem. You can use a framework to solve your coding experience, or to solve a problem or issue that you may have. So one thing that I prefer to do personally, and I recommend to anyone who I'm bringing on my team or looking for and anyone who I bring on my team is, is a core JavaScript knowledge. And that really strong, um, you know, you know, CS background or data structures, informations and how to apply that solution.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me what your what your goals for the future. If you were to get this job. Tell me what your goals are and what you plan.\nI plan to that was to get the job done. work as hard as I can to move my self up gradually.	labels:Tell me what's your greatest weakness?
text:My greatest weakness?	labels:I'm not pushing. You don't think you have any or you don't? You're not sure what?	episode_done:True
text:How did you hear about the position open with our company here at Rei?\nWell, when I thought about the opportunity of changing locations, and moving from one physical location to another, I thought about making a career move as well. And I was starting with my main interests and passions, and I love being outside, I love doing outdoor activities. And I love working with people. And I thought if I could use my experience as a teacher, helping people and my interest in the outdoors together, that would be a good place to start a new career. And when I was looking online, I found Rei is website and that there were positions available in the Jacksonville area. So I thought I would apply.	labels:Great, well, you say you have an interest in outdoor activity activities. So this would be a great company for you to work at. That being said, what else do you know about our company?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about your educational background.\nI graduated from Texas Christian University with a bachelor's in accounting. I also wanted in business technology.	labels:Have is your education help with your work?	episode_done:True
text:And when it comes to being a doctor, are there any aspects of medicine or becoming a doctor that you're worried about? Or you think might be downsides to the job?\nOh, yeah, I think I think it's an incredibly taxing job, both in terms of the sort of hours that you do, and, and in terms of it being sort of emotionally draining, as well as, like, all of the disadvantages that come with any sort of like, person facing role. And it's some, sometimes incredibly difficult to deal with people that are emotionally distressed. And I think seeing, seeing people who are very unwell will be really quite difficult for me. But I'm hopeful that that's something that I will be able to talk to my colleagues about, and be able to sort of work through and, and continue to have sort of a, I guess, like a sustainable career in that sense.	labels:Thank you for that. So your second question is What in your opinion is your greatest weakness.
text:Um, so I think for me, probably my greatest weakness is that I sometimes procrastinate quite a bit before starting a task. And, and I realized that that is something that sort of holds me back in being able to sort of fulfill my goals. And as well as something that's sort of not isn't very helpful for medicine. And given that there's lots of situations where things are time critical. And so the way that I've started to try and think about that, and having done some reading on sort of procrastination is that it's a lot easier to sort of write down the feelings behind that, and then come to sort of a conclusion that getting a task done, and making sure it's, it's done rather than by perfect is the best way to sort of go about it. And so what I'm trying to do to work on that is to ensure that I write down the critical tasks that I need to get done, and sort of remind myself that like, done is good enough. And it's better than not done at all. Yeah,	labels:absolutely. And so you mentioned that you'd like to write down the feelings behind that. So is that something you do often? And why do you think that reflection is an important skill as a doctor?	episode_done:True
text:That's good time is everything. Okay? Now, why should I hire you for my company?\nYou should hire me because I feel like I'd be a really great asset to Geisinger community Medical Center, I'm willing to work, you know, a variety of hours, especially being a new nurse and just starting out, I am very passionate, but all I can do into everything I do, is I feel like I'd be a good fit.	labels:And then do you have any questions for me?	episode_done:True
text:What's your ideal job?\nI would like to be a full time computer programmer. I prefer working with a team. But I also enjoy working individually.	labels:What kind of hours would you prefer?	episode_done:True
text:Why do you think that our company should hire you specifically amongst our pool of candidates that are interviewing for this position?\nI think one skill set that I have involves my background and education teachers are among the highest stress professionals in the workplace. And Rei offers a number of products that help alleviate stress by getting people outdoors. And teachers also have a lot of downtime in the summers. My thinking is that once I learned the ropes and advanced within the company, I'll be able to market the services and products that Rei offers, specifically to the teaching profession.	labels:I have to ask this question, given that you are making a career change here, especially with finishing a master's degree in education. If a position becomes available in your current field down here in the Jacksonville area, how do you approach being offered this job versus being offered a position in your field? And I'm asking that in the now and in the future?
text:That's a great question. I'm not pursuing further educational opportunities within that profession. I feel like this customer service opportunity, the chance to work in a field that I enjoy as much as teaching is a place that I could grow into long term. So what I get out of teaching is working with people, and helping people become a little bit better than they were when I first met them. And that skill translates very well into our eyes mission. And so I don't anticipate leaving a successful career for something I've already done. I feel like this is a natural confluence of my two interests.	labels:Chris, what would you identify as your greatest professional strengths?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me something about yourself.\nI'm involved with healthy smiles Foundation, a leading NGO as a volunteer, I've been working as a volunteer work on programs to improve the health and well being for underprivileged children in both urban slums and rural areas. So as a part of my volunteer work, I realized the importance of understanding the healthcare needs in India. And this is for the convinced me about my choice of career. Okay, and in my free time, I'd like to call up in a corner with a good book. I also play volleyball and basketball whenever I can round up some classmates and friends. Okay.	labels:You mentioned reading as one of your passions, which is the most recent book that you read.
text:I just finished reading better by Atul Gawande. One of the senior team members at the NGO recommended the book to me, and the book talks about failure and how we can improve our performance. Now, although the focus is medicine, the examples the writer has used have lessons for every one in each profession. Okay.	labels:Great. That sounds like interesting books, Samira. So tell me more. How many interviews Have you attended so far?	episode_done:True
text:How do you handle stressful situations?\nI handle them professionally and patiently. I have had experience with stressful situations at work. Always try to prepare myself before the stressful situations happen. Then if they happen, I can handle them without any trouble.	labels:Can you give me an example?	episode_done:True
text:How would you describe your greatest strength?\nI think my greatest strength is my dependability. You can depend on me to be on time. You can depend on me to get my work finished on time. And you can depend on me to be professional.	labels:And what about your greatest weakness?	episode_done:True
text:I see you're applying for a new project manager.  Can you tell me a little bit about yourself, Kelsey.\nWell, I'm a recent graduate of Penn State University. I went to Western High School. I've been in the Scranton area my entire life. I currently do live with my parents. They're loving cooperative people. So I don't mind.	labels:I'm actually a Penn State graduate as well. Um, can you tell me what your greatest strength is Kelsey?	episode_done:True
text:Perfect. Okay, so why do you want to become interested in the banking industry?\nBy I had the opportunity to work out when I was studying at university, I had the opportunity to work in a bank. And that job, I realized I was passionate about it. And I discovered that I really like to work in a bank. How can people work with numbers and the content that we have every day with people? I was really glad about that.	labels:Okay, so what do you want to do long term, so you don't want to be a clerk, you don't want to be mortgages to investments, you want to run a branch? What do you want to do?	episode_done:True
text:Give us an example where you had two competing demands being placed on you. What was the what was the issue? What did you do and what was the outcome?\nOkay, back in university, we received two tests from different subjects. One was to create a terminal. And the other one was to create new servers for the police force in my city. I had to prioritize because they're at different deadlines. So but even so the terminal was more important, because it requires research and, and, and analyzing how we can make it easier for everyone to use not only normal people, but people with certain difficulties such as blindness, mu, or mu. So you have to try and try it again, to get the final version of it. And the other one required research as well. But what's more specific, we just had to go to the Polly's ready chorus and just do some inquiry survey.	labels:So I guess my question is, did you complete them? Both?	episode_done:True
text:on that, you know, continuing down that that line of thought he told me about a time that you've been working in a team environment, experience conflict, and maybe how the I'm not concerned about the outcome, but I want to understand how you how you handle that conflict.\nAlright, so I while working because, well, I haven't had that much more experience. But there, there was one situation where I was a lawyer, I worked as a cleantech and I was the only cleantech k taking care of two Fuller's so had about 24 patients. And they're like, what, only six nurses staffing both floor so we did that. Yeah, that was not a fun date. It was like two weeks after my realization. And so, you know, I was expected to do way too much with way too little. And, you know, I, I voiced my concerns I did the best I can	labels:do your voice your concerns?
text:I voiced my concerns to the nurse and in turn, they would voice their concerns to the nursing, ed. Ed at the administrative department, and then from there on with an amendment. Because I do remember hearing Well, yeah, cuz you can't, because that's such a huge safety issue.	labels:Did you feel like it would result?
text:It's great to that question.	labels:Okay, well, do you have any questions for me as your prospective manager?	episode_done:True
text:I'm talking about 500 page classes.\n500 page classes. Yeah, it's gonna be like, big and huge. Maybe this is the disadvantage of that.	labels:What do you do you understand the single responsibility principle?
text:a singleton?	labels:not Singleton. I'm talking about the single responsibility principle. It's one of the principles of design patterns.
text:I'm not I'm not sure about it.	labels:So you're using a singleton pattern, can you tell me like can we achieve parallel testing with Singleton pattern.	episode_done:True
text:Welcome to ABC Controls, David. I am Emely.\nHello, it's nice to meet you.	labels:Nice to meet you too, how are you doing today?
text:I am doing well, and yourself?	labels:Great, thanks. I hope we didn't keep you waiting for long?
text:No, I had the chance to talk to one of your engineers while waiting.	labels:That's good. David, shall we start?	episode_done:True
text:I'm just looking at my portfolio. But so what would you say is the most important thing you're looking for and employer?\nThe most important thing I would be looking for an employer would be that they like they support their employees that they show like this guidance and what we're doing, and that they provide feedback.	labels:Okay, so what has been your greatest challenge?
text:My greatest challenge would probably be having to balance getting my degree go into school, working as a tech, continuing on with my foundation, and doing community service as well as applying for scholarships to fund my education.	labels:So what frustrates you the most?	episode_done:True
text:You mentioned your drop ready? What does that mean?\nEverybody have the knowledge and the means to do the position and apply for	labels:Okay, let's talk about your knowledge	episode_done:True
text:How long have you been working for your current employer?\nFor five years. In general, I've been in the reservoir engineering industry for over 10 years, and I have over five years of experience in management positions.	labels:Excellent. And why do you want to leave that job?
text:Now I'm looking for a company where I can grow and expand my experience in this industry. That is why I'm so interested in joining a huge agency like yours.	labels:Did you quit your first job? Or did you get fired?	episode_done:True
text:What are your weaknesses?\nI admit being a bit of a perfectionist because I focus too much on the details.	labels:So what are your strengths?	episode_done:True
text:. So how would you you know, based on time zones, and based on availability, you know, this job is 24? Seven, you're on call?\nYes.	labels:Have you ever worked in a work as required basis? Have you ever had to work on anything on call?	episode_done:True
text:Youd be working with two other head brokers. In other words, youd be handling about a third of our clients.\nAnd who would I report to?	labels:Directly to me.
text:I see. What kind of benefit package do you offer?	labels:Two weeks of paid vacation in your first year of employment. I believe youre also eligible for medical and dental insurance. But this is something you should discuss with our personnel department. Do you have any other questions?
text:No, not at the moment	labels:Well, Ill have to discuss your application with my colleagues, and well get back to you early next week.
text:OK, thanks, it was very nice to meet you.	labels:It was nice meeting you, too, and thanks for coming in today.	episode_done:True
text:So you're using a singleton pattern, can you tell me like can we achieve parallel testing with Singleton pattern.\nor parallel testing I use, so slab and I put it in so it can we achieve Singleton Yes. So we can achieve because driver we set up Web driver and then by switch we can choose any browser we can put it like a chrome driver, Firefox driver	labels:means that you are not allowing other things to create the same at the same time, then, then how will you achieve a valid testing a singleton pattern? What What do you understand with Singleton pattern,
text:Singleton pattern, it's on the driver that we are initializing our driver only instance on the running once like a driver running once. So once we have private constructor, and then we claim that method, static public to have a receipt to that method allows to	labels:use that method allows to create the object only once right. Next time, you should you cannot create that because Singleton that's why it is named with Singleton. Right, right. Okay, anyway, so just read about it later, maybe later on, you can read about it. So you are saying that you are running on Sauce Labs? So using the concept of remote WebDriver?	episode_done:True
text:Would you consider any weaknesses that you have to be detrimental to the job?\nI think there's a risk. When it comes to compassion, I think people can misinterpret compassion as being easy or willing to rollover, when it's important to understand that that compassion is something that is earned. And it's interactive. And I feel like if I establish clear boundaries with customers, clients, students, they understand that I am understanding I am patient, I am kind, yet, I'm also going to hold the people I interact with to a high standard.	labels:To date, what would you say is your greatest professional achievement?	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever studied outside of the university?\nYes, I've studied on my own and I took an evening course at a small computer school.	labels:Tell me a little about your educational background.	episode_done:True
text:Could you please describe your previous job experience?\nYes, I graduated from university in 1990 and started working for sanwa Bank. I've been with sama bank up until now.	labels:Why are you leaving?
text:I'm looking for a job with more responsibility and flexibility. I see.	labels:Were you ever promoted?	episode_done:True
text:okay. Okay. So tell me what are the disadvantages with the page object model design pattern. So these are the advantages you said again, maintenance, reusability, and everything. And then some disadvantages with this page object model.\nDisadvantages? I wouldn't say the disadvantages, because it's very convenient to store the web elements. And then if there is like a developer, change the, the, for example, some ID locator or some, like, do you just go to the page, and then you can just change it? I wouldn't say any, can be the disadvantages.	labels:So let's see if I have a have an ecommerce application where and where we have let's see, assume that again, I'm just giving you a very hypothetical number here. 500 pages are they assume that are you going to create 500 Pages over there. According to the page object, for every page class, we have to create a separate Java class. So are we going to maintain 500? Java pages over there?
text:If I have 500 element web elements,	labels:no, I'm not talking about 500 web elements. I'm talking about 500 web pages, login page mutation rate. Yeah.	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any special job skills that would help you do your job?\nWell, I have many contacts in the communication sector from my previous job. I also have knowledge of Japanese culture and language. I used to live in Tokyo.	labels:How are you research skills?	episode_done:True
text:Consider a situation where you're assigned a new project on the very first day joining in for future what will be your approach towards the starting of this project?\nI would first try to understand the problem statement and define what we're trying to achieve from that project. Then I would do a bit of research if such a project has been done within the company, by some group or outside the organization by anyone else. Once I'm armed with this knowledge, I will discuss my specific roles and responsibilities with my manager and as Next step, I will create a personal plan for activities assigned to me. throughout the project, I will try to keep my manager updated on my progress.	labels:If we move you to a rural area, will you be able to manage?
text:I'm sure I will be able to manage. I have worked in rural areas and stayed there as part of my NGO work. Although I'm open to traveling to rural areas as a part of like project or research activity. I don't expect to be posted there for a long time.	labels:That's a fair answer. Samira, I imagine you have looked over the job profile info future has in mind for you. What do you find the most attractive about the job?	episode_done:True
text:Have you had any English speaking jobs?.\nNo, okay, first job was I was speaking Portuguese and for Canadians. But after that, I found another job. And that job was speaking just English. And in August, I started another school for two months. And after I finished high school, I can't do this study.	labels:Okay, so why do you want to become interested in the banking industry?	episode_done:True
text:Excellent. Thank you. So how would you deal with conflict with a co worker?\nUser: So I can then gain some information that will give me them the power to try and resolve the situation, I would then suggest an amicable way forward for the pair of us to work so to work harmoniously, so we can achieve our common goals. So I would open dialogue with the other person try and resolve it straightaway. Of course, if there was a situation where the conflict was too ingrained, and it was too difficult, I would seek advice from my manager and supervisor as to try and find a suitable way forward. But above all, I would try and resolve it quickly and amicably. Thank you.	labels:Thank you for your answer, Richard, where do you see yourself in five years?	episode_done:True
text:What would be your ideal job?\nI would be a PR representative for major international airline. I'd love to travel around the world and meet all kinds of people.	labels:What is your greatest strength?	episode_done:True
text:Thank you, Richard, What experience do you have which is relevant to this role?\nUser: I will support the team members and I will make sure that we all focus on achieve or objectives, or the experience I have is being able to plan and organize my work methodically, I'm very good at working under pressure, I enjoy working under stressful situations. And that is because I always plan and organize my work meticulously. So I know what's coming, I look ahead, and I make sure that I can achieve my objectives. Other experience I have is, is also helping my managers and my supervisors to achieve their goals. Obviously, your manager and your supervisor is always under pressure, you know, they have lots of commercial goals and objectives to achieve. And I understand that. So I will work with my manager and my supervisor, to help them achieve their objectives by being basically a high performing employee, and always putting the needs of the business first. So just to summarize, having read the job description, I feel I have all of the necessary experience to not only get up and running quickly in the role, but to excel also.	labels:Thank you, it's great to hear your comments there, especially about your experience working in a team. And for this role. working as a team is pivotal. And can you explain to him what makes great team in your opinion?	episode_done:True
text:So, it appears from your resume that both of your last two jobs have a lot of similarities with the position we have open?\nYes, they do. I feel very well prepared for this opening. Ive had solid experience in all dimensions of the job.	labels:How would this job seem to be different than your current situation?
text:While the job function is pretty similar, I think the company situation would be quite a bit different. In my present job, I feel stifled in that I need to strictly stay within the bounds of my job description. I cant really interact with people in other departments, for example, without going through my boss. Shes not a bad person. But there are limits to what I can and cant do on the job.	labels:Any other things that you would hope would be different?	episode_done:True
text:How are you research skills?\nPretty good. I did a lot of research when I was at the university. And I also did a lot of research on the internet at my previous job.	labels:Could you describe your ideal job?
text:Yes, my ideal job would be challenging, but secure. Job me more.	labels:Why challenging?	episode_done:True
text:What would your previous coworker say about you?\neasy to get along. bubbly attitude. means business wants to get the job done.	labels:Okay. What would they say is the thing that you need to do a little better? We all have those things we can improve upon, what's the thing that you're working on?	episode_done:True
text:What I would recommend is at the end of your resume at the bottom, I would just put like, temporary contract assignment, and I would put what you were doing now with details, but just what you were doing.\nhow cuz you think that shows that I have a gap?	labels:Right, right. Right. Does that make sense?	episode_done:True
text:I see on your resume that you put that you're familiar with ICD tm, you tell me what that stands for.\nThat is the the system which is used to code in as far as we're billing procedures, this used the medical office in order to build companies on the CMS 1500 in order for the company or the doctor's office or hospital to get paid.	labels:And they recently updated?
text:right. The ICD nine is the old system, which from what I understand, I think the United States is probably the only one is still using ICD nine. And they're trying to transition that CT as C, D T and which has become a difficult task. Because a lot of people that are resistant to change.	labels:How are you with change?	episode_done:True
text:Okay. That's great. Can you tell me what your professors would say is your greatest strength?\nWell, my greatest strength is, or a couple of them? Well, what my professors would say is that my greatest strength is my smile, but that's beside the point. I would say that my, one of my greatest strengths is my ability to be unperturbed. absolving things that happened, but I always try to keep it straight head on, keep calm and their situations and you know, fix the problem. I'm pretty much Yeah. That's, that's one of my biggest strength molecule, amulets, others for you. I would say that I would bring a lot of energy to the environment, to any any religious situation that I'm in. And I know that that's a really important thing to have on this unit, because you want a staff member who is able to be cheerful, to be positive, that's, you know, they do have answer as reality you want them to get in through getting through the day, you know, as, as best as he can.	labels:Okay, yeah, that's, that's great. Um, you know, on that, on that same token, what would you say is your biggest weakness?
text:My biggest weakness, I'd say is that sometimes I get tunnel vision into something. What do you mean, I wouldn't rubber sometimes I know, there's situations where I become too focused on one part of the problem, right, instead of me Actually, observing the whole entire thing. Okay. And that's, and for me, I feel like that's more of a lack of experience more than actual ability. Because I haven't had as much political experience.	labels:I'd say well, you know, here on our new that, you know, we're all about inter interdisciplinary teams, and we're about teamwork. Yeah. Can you tell me about your role in the team? What do you feel is your role to play?	episode_done:True
text:What is your greatest strength?\nMy greatest strength is persistence. I work really hard and I don't give up easily.	labels:Can you give me an example?	episode_done:True
text:So do you often let emotions impact your decisions?\nI feel that I'm passionate about what I do, because I'm an emotional person. For example, my decision to volunteer for an NGO was an emotional choice to begin with. Because of this character trait. I respect people and care about others. And it has helped me deal with people in a better and more effective way. However, over time, I've realized the need to control my emotions to be more effective. I've actually discussed this issue with one of my teachers at college, and she advised me to practice yoga to help me detach and control my emotions better. And I hope to see some results soon.	labels:That's excellent. Can you tell me something about your participation in extracurricular activities in school level and college?
text:During my school years, I was very involved in extracurricular activities. At school, I participated in two student bodies, the social service Li and the math club. I was a secretary of the social service league for two years, and I was also part of the school volleyball team. My NGO experience proved invaluable in in organizing this event. I'm not an active member of any other student groups at college because I like to devote most of my free time to volunteering for the programs organized by the NGO.	labels:Samira, I can see that you're really passionate about your voluntary work at this NGO. Let us talk about your course. What can you tell me about your final your project?	episode_done:True
text:How do you work under pressure?\nI'm pretty good with pressure.	labels:Can you give me an example?	episode_done:True
text:Thank you, Richard, thank you for that answer. What's your biggest weakness?\nMy biggest weakness, I believe, is that I find it very difficult at times to say no to people. Now in the past, this has resulted in me taking on sometimes too much work. So as hopefully I've shown you today that I will always be the first person to put my hand up that sometimes in the past have resulted in me taking on too much that I become a little bit overwhelmed at times where I think I'm going to struggle to get that done. And I end up working many hours in the evening sometimes just to make sure it's done on time. Obviously, that's not good for my own, you know, my own mental health for my concentration skills. So I need to make sure that I do say no when I am absolutely at full capacity. Having said that another one of my strengths is the fact that I'm always looking at myself to improve. So if you see anything about me that you think I could improve on, tell me and I'll go away, and I will sort it out and improve in that area.	labels:Thank you. Excellent. Thank you. So I'd be interested to know why did you leave your last job?	episode_done:True
text:No, do you have questions of us, Julian?\nThank you this day, the providers to the new employees. So do you have training programs?	labels:Juliana, in any organization, any company, training is ongoing. It's not an event. So in order for everyone to become better, we always continually to train him to learn as old as I am. I continue to learn every day. I'm learning from you right now.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, welcome. How's your day going? so far?\nGreat. Great. Can't complain.	labels:So we'll just jump right in. Thanks for bringing a copy of your resume. I actually had a chance to review it. So I want to ask you a couple questions, if you don't mind. So first thing is it looks like you were in a temporary role with YouTube, correct?	episode_done:True
text:Why did you resign from your previous position?\nMy company was opening branches in other parts of the country. My boss told me I had to transfer. I couldn't move. So I had to resign.	labels:How do you handle pressure? I work very well with pressure. I prepare for it. before it comes. Can you give me an example?
text:When I worked at Citi Bank, we had many deadlines to meet. I never waited until the last minute to do my work. I always finished it ahead of time.	labels:How do you deal with the public?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about a time when you show that you fit well into a team. It's worked well with other people and got good results because you worked well with them.\nI can't give an example. When I was stood at university. The final hiring began question hiring me and two other people we were responsible to to come How can I say, to do the current? So we were working group and region five. What should you do? And it was pretty good. Nate.	labels:Are you the leader? Or you're just part of the team?	episode_done:True
text:Okay, that's perfectly fine. It's okay. If you're not sure about it. Okay, so I can see in your resume that you are using Git repositories as well to maintain the code. So are you comfortable with Git? Check, are you actually using Git commands and everything to push the code to pull the code. So let's say there is a very new repository that you have created. And the new code, you have Maven project that we have created in your, in your Eclipse. And then you have to push the code to the repository to the GitHub, tell me the commands, what are the different commands, you will be using it?\nOkay, if it's a new repository, I can clone, and then I would use in my IntelliJ, that command, give me what I'm cloning, then I have to add. So it will be add remote. So I'm getting. So I'm committing the whole that from the repository. So I'm adding as a gift at that, or if it's a one file, or sorry, the whole file and then get commit, and then that is minus m, and then I give them some message, what I'm trying to push it, and then I'm merging to my from my, like, forget every step that I'm creating the branch from in my local repository, in my local repository, so and then I'm merging to the my branch to the My master. And then I am going to use the command git push origin master and giving the past for the reposit repository, and that was was whatever I'm going to push it	labels:okay. So, you will be pushed to the master branch, is it a good practice is having some bugs, your code is not being reviewed by anyone you are directly pushing to the master branch?
text:Yes, we can have the conflict, for example, even when I'm pushing to the master red origin master I can have the conflict. So, before that conflict, I have to review what what was causing that conflict.	labels:And after then, how will you raise a PR Do you understand PR process pull request process?	episode_done:True
text:Why? Why do you want this particular position here within within our customer service department?\nBecause I want to start in a position that allows me to learn everything about the company from the very basic level of interacting with the customers all the way up throughout the sales process, the marketing process and the production of goods and services. When I saw the opportunity for customer service, I thought it aligned very well with the skill set that I have. And also with some skills that I could bring to the company that might be unique.	labels:Can you tell me a little bit more about the skills that you would transfer from your previous line of work to our department here?	episode_done:True
text:What is your long term goal?\nMy long term goal. First two years, maybe I'll start learning. Like, learn about my job, and then learn as much as I can. And maybe like the neck after two years, I will start do and I mean, do what I have to say excel in Word, and then hopefully I get to be in supervisor kind of position. That's my goal.	labels:You can tell me what is your strength?	episode_done:True
text:Can you tell me about your education?\nYes, I studied political science at Michigan State University in Lansing for four years. I got my bachelor's degree in 1990. For the past two years, I've been attending union law school on the weekends. But I haven't finished yet.	labels:Do you plan to finish your law degree?	episode_done:True
text:How many interviews Have you attended so far?\nThis is my first interview, ma'am. And I hope to make a good impression.	labels:You mentioned optimism as a key strength. How has optimism helped you to solve situations?
text:Yes, I truly consider optimism as my key strength. I always see the brighter side of things and handle situations positively. One of the recent incidents where I think my optimism saved the situation was on a project. We were testing the prototype device, and suddenly the server storing all our data crashed. It was late in the night and the network administration team was not available. Okay, and as part of my volunteer work with the healthcare NGO, I have come across situations so desperate and moving, that only my optimism and positive attitude helped me.	labels:That's a good summary of your strengths. Sameera, you have listed that you're overly emotional as you mean weakness. So do you often let emotions impact your decisions?	episode_done:True
text:Could you describe your ideal job?\nYeah, that's a good question. I'd like to work in a challenging job in marketing. I would like to work for an international financial company. I'd enjoy doing some travel and meeting new people.	labels:And what kind of hours would you like?	episode_done:True
text:What kind of job is ideal for you?\nMy ideal job would be working as an office manager at an international scope. I prefer to work at a place where I can use my French and English skills. I would like to work steady hours without having to travel too much.	labels:What is your greatest strength?	episode_done:True
text:what do you think? Because hooks means available in the form of ad read before an ad right after? Yes. In my feature file?\nI don't think so.	labels:Okay, yeah, we cannot. Good You are using this data table and examples keyword. So what is the difference? Like between data tables and examples? When
text:Yeah, data table, if we put in the scenario data table, it will run whatever you have lines on the data table. Once if on the scenario outline was the examples if you have like several lines, right, like, which is like it's great. So in for run each time that scenario will like whatever you have once whenever you have that lines on this scenario, our example, that scenario will be around how many lines you have on that data table?	labels:Good, good. So who writes this feature file? Like it's your responsibility, your dev and you also contributing for writing the feature for it?	episode_done:True
text:What skills do you have that would help you on this job?\nI have computer experience. I can use Microsoft and T Word and Excel. I speak some Japanese. And I'm good at sales and networking as well.	labels:How about doing PR?	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any questions?\nMay I ask what the specific responsibilities for this position?	labels:You'll be expected to be in the office during office hours, which is from 8am until 5:30pm, Monday through Friday. You'll also be expected to answer incoming telephone calls and to help walk in customers. You'll also be expected to work with typing, filing and some data entry.
text:You tell me about the history of the company?	labels:We started our company in 1980. And we began in New York. But we moved here in 1990. Since then, we've opened in 10 states across the eastern US. Would you like to ask me any questions?
text:What kind of person are you looking for?	labels:Well, we're looking for a responsible person who can handle pressure As someone with experience and training is good, but not necessary.	episode_done:True
text:What kind of hours are you looking for?\nI'm looking for full time work. I can work weekends. But I'd like to have evenings off.	labels:What's your ideal job?	episode_done:True
text:Okay, if you had an ideal job, what would you be doing every day?\nI would be working, developing and helping the company to grow as my career as well.	labels:Okay, well, that's up here. Now give me give me down in the dirt level. Tell me specifically the tasks you'd be doing. Describe your typical day.	episode_done:True
text:Now, what is your greatest weakness?\nI would have to say my greatest weakness is probably my perfectionism. I put a lot of pressure on myself to do things perfectly, and it does cause me some stress, you know, so I'm working on that. Good.	labels:Would you say you are most proud of?	episode_done:True
text:What are you looking for in a job?\nThe job should help me see what Finance is all about. I have learned a lot of Finance theories at school, and now it is time for me to put them into practice.	labels:Anything else?
text:I also hope that it will help me grow in my field.	labels:What are your strengths? Why should I hire you?
text:I am a hard-working person and a fast learner. I am very eager to learn, and I get along fine with people.	labels:OK. Now, let me ask you a few quick questions. You do not mind working long hours, do you?	episode_done:True
text:Thank you, why should we hire you?\nI believe you should hire me. Because not only do I have the experience, and the skills and qualities that are a match for the job description, the experience I have gained means that I will get up and running in this role very quickly. That means you can leave me to get on with things which reduces the pressure on you, because obviously you are you are busy, and you are under pressure to achieve your objectives. And the last thing you need to be doing is to be watching me all of the time. So I'm a fast learner. I'm also very good working around people. And I understand the benefits of working in a diverse team. I feel that I am a good motivator, so I can get other people to feel motivated about their work as well. I'm also very good with customers.	labels:So what are your salary expectations for this role?	episode_done:True
text:Why do you want to work here?\nBecause this company has a good reputation. Why should we hire you? I think I have the right personality and skills. And I also have experience and motivation.	labels:Why should we hire you?	episode_done:True
text:are you stronger in software, or in hardware?\nmostly hardware, and the software involved in networking, which is the important thing of the IT company. But I have developing knowledge of the software. So in no time, I will be totally experienced and the company may see its benefits.	labels:Are you for what diagnostic software? Are you familiar with to support the hardware needs?	episode_done:True
text:what exactly did you do?\nSo I can see that people too, so that I can see a lot of standing together, and clicking and also the customer and introducing our theater, and they're informed that a lot of information like a hostess. Oh, yeah.	labels:So what experience did you gain from this?	episode_done:True
text:Why should I hire you?\nI believe that she should hire me, because I have been working towards becoming a nurse for for more than four years. And I have hands on patient care and on patient care, through being a CNA for the past four years, and I've learned a lot through that, which has helped me Excel through nursing school. And I believe that I'm a qualified candidate for the position.	labels:Thank you. What are your short term and your long term goals?
text:My short term goal is first to pass my NCLEX to using all the knowledge that I have attained through nursing school to plasma and clubs. And also to obtain a job a registered nurse position with either infants or children. I just love working with children. My long term goal would be to within five to 10 years go back to school to become either a pediatric nurse practitioner or a neonatal nurse practitioner.	labels:So how would you? How would a supervisor describe you?
text:Well, my supervisors at Carroll Hospital Center, which is where I've been working for almost four years, as the patient care technician, would describe me as being a good role model to my peers, a very compassionate individual to my patients. They've described me as being flexible in my position that I hold, and that I always have a smile on my face.	labels:I'm just looking at my portfolio. But so what would you say is the most important thing you're looking for and employer?	episode_done:True
text:What can you tell me about your final your project?\nOh, yes. My final year project was to develop a sensor based device that can be hooked on to a person to monitor his or her blood pressure, pulse temperature, and transmit the same using a mobile phone to a back end server that would be maintained by a healthcare service provider.	labels:That sounds really interesting. What did your supervisor had to say about your project?
text:My supervisor feels that this is a good first step. But he's pushing our team tested with as many role users as possible. Overall, he was happy with our project and gave us a good grip and a very favorable remark. Now you can find more details about my role in this project in my testimonial, okay, well,	labels:Consider a situation where you're assigned a new project on the very first day joining in for future what will be your approach towards the starting of this project?	episode_done:True
text:What is a weakness that you have?\nweaknesses, when things are going aren't going my way, I tend to like stress myself out to the max. And I just don't know where to go from there. But then when it all comes down to it, I can pick myself back up.	labels:Can you give me an example of an accomplishment you've had and what that tells us about you?	episode_done:True
text:What are you the most proud of?\nmy proudest moment was graduating or Penn State University. I graduated one of the top of my class. Schools actually, like difficult because I transferred a several times because it wasn't actually positive. What I want to study, but I'm actually really excited about where I'll be going now with my new career.	labels:Right, great. Okay. So what do you think your best quality is?	episode_done:True
text:Okay, now that you've explained, why do you want to join us? Can you give me top three reasons? Why should we hire you?\nFirst, I'd like to say that I'm a good team player. While working on a final year project, one of our project team members fell ill. So I took over his part of the project work so that our team does not lose momentum. I also consider myself to be very active and energetic worker, I enthusiastically participate in my volunteer work with the NGO, along with a very demanding study schedule. Finally, I think I'm used to hard work and stretching whenever situations demanded.	labels:What will you do if you're not selected today?	episode_done:True
text:Sure. Sure. So which, do you have a preference? Do you like the traditional going to the office everyday face to face?\nI think I will use a hybrid from here on out because I do. I'm kind of getting a routine and working from home. And, uh, I like some of the flexibility to work late into the night if I'm really rolling on something. But then I do, like, come into the office and printing. It seems like, there's you know, it's, there's so much printing. So,	labels:yes, I've definitely gotten a lot more creative with my eye, not printing as much as possible. I guess that's a good thing. But oh, my God, that's definitely that I agree with you. That has been one of the biggest changes and hurdles, I guess you could say. So I did look over your resume. And why don't you kind of just give me a summary of of yourself, you know, summarize your resume or your professional background?
text:Yes, so I have mostly worked in social services, through my career in community organizing, and I worked as a director for an adult day center. And so that was wearing all kinds of hats. But I would categorize my previous experience as social services. And then I decided to get into the legal field. And I went back to school for my paralegal degree, and I will complete that in August. And I also started working for the legal aid, Land of Lincoln legal aid, and that really, yeah, it was a mesh of the two passions. I think that helped me make the decision that I wanted to switch my career to the legal field from social services. And I still get the great feeling of helping people and in the, the knowledge of the legal world.	labels:And am I correct? I noticed on your resume that you assist a lot with like, the whole expungement process. And so that's definitely a method of helping.	episode_done:True
text:Can you give me an example of one of your strengths?\nYes. When I was a student I had problems with a physics class. I didn't give up though. I got a tutor and studied really hard. Finally, I passed the class with an A.	labels:Do you have any examples at work?	episode_done:True
text:Please tell me about your formal education.\nI just graduated from Kansas State University two months ago with a bachelor's degree in business administration.	labels:How was your experience there?	episode_done:True
text:Okay, if you want to go ahead and give yourself, introduce yourself, tell me a little bit about you yourself, what you've done and some of the projects that you've worked on.\nSo my name is Shree Chung. And now I'm a student at Georgia Tech, majoring in music technology. So you my honor graduate, I started a electrical engineer. And in my garage, I started to work on a project called ear sketch, followed, instructed by my professor, which is a online musical education platform that aims to teach students computer science by making music. So through doing this project, I fell in love with doing web tech, web development and web apps. So now I'm, I think I'm turning myself into a web or a front end engineer. So my most recent project, as you can see on my resume is called marriott.com. You can see that URL, and it's a bit music online mixing path allows the musicians to upload their tracks online.	labels:Okay. And we've been working on this yourself, are you working on a team with this?
text:So for the ear sketch, and for a very data, these are all team projects. So now I'm working also working on my own personal projects is called eta as it's pretty much like Uber eat. So it's like I aim to to release this software at my campus. So whenever someone feels hungry, but He or she is so busy with her schoolwork and don't want to go out and buy some food. And he can use our use my web app to send a request, wait for somebody to deliver food to he or she. Okay. And this one is, you know, as is still in progress after the battle. All right. Very Donna,	labels:what was your role on that five person team? What did what was your main role? And what did you work on?
text:Yeah, so for the metadata, I work on two parts, the Node JS part and the M gunner part. So for the, for the whole project, I mainly worked on several things such as Google, Google, and Facebook logging, and the whole mixing mechanism and notification on the side, inside notification system. So for these three parts, I worked both on the back end and on the front end. So for the back end, I wrote some API's with in node j. s, that allows the front end to call and provide some services and some database management and emulation. And for the front end, I do Angular development, and just show how the, how the mixing works, and how to how the users to store their data and makes their music with the back end.	labels:It would you say that you're most comfortable with JavaScript?	episode_done:True
text:Beyond the day-to-day client servicing, could you tell me about any particular initiatives of which you are particularly proud in your current position?\nMore than anyone else in my office, I have led my clients aggressively into alternative investments. This has not only led to slightly higher returns, but it has also decreased their volatility, and I think more importantly, tightened my relationship with them and built their trust with me. I have shared this success with a couple other managers in my office and they have started to follow this model.	labels:You mentioned earlier that you felt somewhatperhaps the word is stifledby your current boss. I wonder if you could compare or contrast this to your previous bosses. And I wonder if you could describe how you feel your boss could get your best work from you?
text:My previous boss was great. I met with him a lot and learned from him a lot. He gave me specific objectives and goals and would always be there when I needed him for advice, but unlike my current boss I didnt feel that he was constantly checking up on me. He also was very comfortable when I interacted directly with other departments; he wasnt at all territorial that way. But I did keep him informed of substantive issues and any interactions with other departments that might matter. So I would say this previous boss was an excellent model on how to get my best work out of me.	labels:Can you tell me about your approach to clients? How does it differ from people around you? And has it changed much as you have changed employers?
text:I am working with a high-income, highly educated clientele, and I respect them. Unlike some of my colleagues, I dont feel that my job is to sell them new products. Instead, I feel my value added to them is to educate them about new products and then let them decide whether it works for them. Each client situation I view as being unique. Each one has a different risk/return profile. And each one takes a different amount of time and education to get used to considering a new product. I dont push products. But at the same time, my adaption rate of alternative products has over time become the highest in the office. My clients respect me and I respect them. My high referral rates underscore this.	labels:user, I know you need to go; you are here on your lunch hour and need to get back to work. But I really like what I have heard. I think that your style could fit in exceptionally well and you could be very happy here. Ill be back to you shortly to set up some times for a follow-up meeting with some of my colleagues as well.	episode_done:True
text:Now you are interviewing for a position, that is not an entry level position. And there is the possibility that those in our company that were overlooked for this position may have some animosity regarding the new hire for this position. So how do you approach this potential challenge here at the workplace?\nThe important thing is to listen to the people around me and understand that I am a newcomer, and that they know more about the work environment than I will coming in. I think because I have a friendly demeanor, and I'm not confrontational. When meeting new people that in time, we'll have a chance to earn each other's mutual respect. And understand that we both want the same thing, the company to grow and us to grow within the company.	labels:Where do you see yourself in five years, specifically, he within our company?	episode_done:True
text:Have you got any questions from for me?\nBut what would the hours be exactly?	labels:The hours in this particular role are nine till five o'clock you have three quarters of an hour for lunch and you have two 10 minute breaks, in the morning in the afternoon. The salary is the award rate and I believe I sent that to you. When I emailed you to ask could we have a Skype interview so you have those details?
text:One more question. Just wondering whether there's any room for advancement in the company. Oh, this is a double double sided question. Actually. And whether there's any chance of training within the role,	labels:yes, in both cases, as we said earlier, we have quite clear career pathways identified when you begin, and we work with you to decide where you might like to go and how you might like to get there. So, for instance, this is a very large organization, we have numerous offices, and we have many receptionist admin roles within that. And some of them have increased roles and responsibilities and duties. So if you're interested in extending your experience in that particular area, we could work with you to decide how that might happen. And if that involved further training, indeed, we could also facilitate that.
text:That sounds fantastic. Well, I'm very enthusiastic, and I really appreciate the opportunity for the interview.	labels:Thank you very much. We appreciate you attending this type of interview. We know it's difficult, because it's unusual. But we appreciate your time. And we will get back to you, as I said by Friday, and let you know how successful or whatever you were.	episode_done:True
text:How did your previous employer?\nI like the company very much. The people were very nice. And we all work together very well.	labels:Please tell me about your previous job experience.	episode_done:True
text:Okay, fine. So you are using Jenkins as well? Are you like involved with your ci CD pipeline? Do you know how to create the CH, ri pipelines?\nThis ci CD developers created for me, I create the job.	labels:so just a job that you are triggering it, but you don't know. If I asked where to get you how to set up the complete pipeline for this project? Were you able to do that?
text:I know the concept, but I don't know. Maybe. I know that I know the concept where the developers they post a jar file and then	labels:Okay, nobody's so mean. So let's back to, you know, you have it in Rest assured also. So in Rest assured, like, like, are you like, totally involved? Or you're just writing some test cases? Or just automating some basics of API's? Can you tell me the basics of, you know, some basic syntax of let's see a post called with Rest assured using it.	episode_done:True
text:How long have you been working for your former employer?\nI've been working there for three years.	labels:Why do you want to leave that job?
text:I'm looking for a company where I can contribute more and grow. I'm ready to take the next step of my career.	labels:What exactly made you apply for this job at our company?	episode_done:True
text:What are your goals for the future?\nI am interested in finding a position where I can use my professional skills and abilities to build a good career. I see the next few years here as an opportunity to gain the skills and expand my experience to run one of the departments in this company.	labels:What are your salary expectations?
text:it would be helpful if you could share what the range is for this role. According to my experience, I think that 10,000 to $25,000 per year is a typical salary in the market.	labels:What are your weaknesses?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything else in the UK in terms of culture or anything you'd like to comment on?\nYeah, I think I think there's a lot of job judgment in the UK woman being out and about feeding her baby it makes it hard when you've got to think okay, I've got to go shopping or I've got to go pick up my other child but the baby needs to be there and you know that people are going to look at you and kind of Judge like I had a few situations where people I'd gone into cafes to go I don't know cafes now are a lot you know, you can get the breasts to breastfeed and kind of sticker things I know we have those in Swindon. I've gone into cafes before and just had a few dirty looks a few kind of comments of older lady, particularly.	labels:So that's, let's let's do that question to a close. So how would you ensure a good work life balance on a midwifery course?
text:I know it doesn't say very difficult to work uni to kiss my husband. But I think the main thing I have to do is prioritize. So you know for three years of my life, my my life is going to be unique. Me and my husband and the children have all sat down and talked about it they totally understand they totally support me.	labels:So that brings this bit of the interview to a close. Is there anything you want to ask us? Do you have a question prepared?	episode_done:True
text:Come in.\nHello, I'm JC grant.	labels:Yep, take a seat. So tell me a little bit about yourself.
text:I am a very community minded individual. I started my own foundation when I was 13. cultures. He smiles for pediatrics, I raise donations for pediatric patients at my local hospital and here at Johns Hopkins. Um, I am currently a nursing student Chanda University. I will be graduating in May with my BSN.	labels:So why are you interested in this organization?
text:Johns Hopkins is world renowned for everything. And I believe this is an amazing opportunity to learn from the best as I started out my career as a nurse.	labels:So what do you think are your strengths?	episode_done:True
text:How was your position there? What did what were you doing day to day? What were the things you were pushing?\nWell, that was a temporary contract. I obviously took it on because my previous, my previous role had layoffs. So I decided to, you know, keep myself active in the job market. And I decided to take on this type of position. And yeah, I had various, you know, support activities. For one of the C level executives, I was actually assisting the SVP of HR. And it included everything from calendar management, scheduling, both domestic and international travel, a lot of Outlook. Yeah, it was pretty much you know, the full year again.	labels:So do you want to go down the executive assistant path is that somewhere where you see yourself from there striving?	episode_done:True
text:What do you know about our company so far?\nI've read on your website that for over 10 years, LCI software has delivered professional services on software development projects for clients all over the world. I can tell from the pictures and client testimonials on the website that you do great quality work.	labels:Yes, we always try to do quality work on the software products we build helped many brands transform their businesses. So tell me about yourself.
text:I completed a bachelor's degree in environmental biology and a master's degree in environmental informatics. I managed to get a job in the environmental engineering industry. But I soon realized I wasn't cut out for that job and decided to move to a different industry. I decided to take the path of a software developer.	labels:Wow. What determined you to make such a bold career shift?	episode_done:True
text:Hi, James. Nice to meet you. How are you?\nI'm well. Thank you.	labels:So you're here for our visual editor position.	episode_done:True
text:Do you want this job?\nYes.	labels:All right, tell me how your education prepares you for this job.
text:The classes that I've taken the accounting and Healthcare Management financial classes now has prepared me for it.	labels:I noticed on your resume you put that you're knowledgeable familiar with CMS 1500. Can you tell me what that stands for?	episode_done:True
text:So that brings this bit of the interview to a close. Is there anything you want to ask us? Do you have a question prepared?\nI haven't today	labels:Ok. Thank you for your time.	episode_done:True
text:I think so let's hope. Okay, so And also, can you tell me a little bit about yourself?\nSure. I'm 36 years old. I recently graduated from Penn State with a bachelor's degree of Science in Nursing. I decided to go back to school a little later in life. So I did do it while I had my three children, and kind of made a career change, which I'm very excited about. And I think it was a great experience. And I'm looking forward to getting in the workforce.	labels:But okay, now, can you tell me about your greatest strength?	episode_done:True
text:If you would tell me how many times you think and say a six month period, it's okay to be late to work.\nsix month period now coming from the United States Air Force, we know there are times being late. We give you three strikes three times in a six month, three times in a six month period. And normally you have processes and procedures that you would follow up with those lateness. For instance, if you're going to be late, we've already told you ahead of time, what you need to do to ensure that your supervisor, whoever's in charge knows why you being late.	labels:What would your previous coworker say about you? If we went to talk to your last job and said, Tell us about Tamra, what would they say is your greatest quality?	episode_done:True
text:So how's your day going?\nIt's good. How are you doing?	labels:I'm doing very well. How are your classes going this year?
text:um, they're winding down. So everything's going pretty well excited to graduate and all that fun stuff.	labels:So you clearly applied for a position here at Macy's. And I just wanted to use this interview prior for 10, 15 minutes right in between there to get a better sense of who you are as an individual. Because after looking through your resume and seeing you worked at Ulta, you have all this customer service experience, just to see how you fit in here. Okay, and all the skills you've learned how you can use them here.	episode_done:True
text:Well, do you have any questions for me?\nWell, I am interested in what kind of training you would provide, I noticed in the job posting that it did say training is a possibility. So do you have a plan that you in place for training? Or is that something that you would assess as needed?	labels:Yes, so the initial what we call ramping up period, when you join the firm, you would be you'd have a mentor, so a paralegal that has been here much longer and more senior. I mean, the topics are wide, you know, from how to dress in the courtroom to the lowly lead better, you know, Equal Employment Act. And I would say in addition to that, if there was something that came up that you know, another association or another type of webinar or something that you want to attend, then you just have to, you know, talk to the office manager and see if that would work into the budget and in the schedule.
text:That sounds good. I like the idea of a mentor and it sounds like you value ongoing trainings. So that is a good thing. Yes. Can you tell me about the history of the position? Has it been vacant for long is it a new position? Sure.	labels:So we're actually going to be having two positions. One is a new position, it's a growth position, the caseload where we had the paralegals assigned to different attorneys that the caseload has just been growing at a rate that that that proportionality of ratio showing of paralegal to attorney, we need a new position. So that's a growth position. The other position, the person that occupied the physician previously, went on maternity leave and decided she didn't want to come back. So it is a replacement position. She had been here about six years before she went on maternity leave. So okay.
text:How soon do you think that you'll make a decision in your hiring process?	labels:Sure. So we are conducting interviews through the end of this week, I would say on Friday, we're going to meet as a committee and just kind of discuss the potential candidates, I would say, I would expect by Friday, for every bit everybody to be notified of what the next step is, it may be you know, we want to have a callback interview. Or it may be that maybe that person isn't the right fit. Or it may be, you know, a job offer if it's just the perfect fit for the position. So but my Friday, you should know something I'd say Friday.	episode_done:True
text:Why do you want to work for us?\nWhen I saw the job advertisement, I became very interested. I have friends who are customers here. They said that they liked doing business here as well. I also feel that I'm qualified for the job.	labels:Why should we hire you?	episode_done:True
text:Would you say you are most proud of?\nI'm most proud of graduating at all to begin with, later in life. But I'm also proud that I graduated first in my nursing class with Highest Distinction. It was a lot of hard work, but it paid off and the reward has been has been very fulfilling, right?	labels:What would you say your best quality is?	episode_done:True
text:JOHN, hi, how are you?\nHi, doing great.	labels:I'm Emely and I will be your interviewer today.
text:Very nice to meet you.	labels:Nice to meet you, too. Having a good week so far?
text:Oh, yeah.	labels:Well, so before we get started, just thought I'd give you a little information about myself. And then I'll let you have the opportunity to do the same. And then we'll go through a series of interview questions. I'll be taking notes throughout the time while we're talking. So I don't want you to think that I'm not paying attention. But I just want to be able to capture the information as we go along. So I can kind of do my assessment at the end. So sounds good?	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any questions for me?\nYes. Actually, how many subscribers do you have in your publication?	labels:We roughly have about 3 million regular subscribers right now. But that number is growing every day. We're reaching a pretty big audience with the company. I've been here myself for 15 years.
text:Yes, that's awesome. When can I hear from you?	labels:You can expect to hear from me by the end of the week	episode_done:True
text:Right now. Do you have any questions of ourselves?\nAnd I'am really interesting to position when can I hear from you?	labels:While we're, as you're aware, we're doing the preliminary evaluations today. In fairness to all the candidates that are putting forth their skills and abilities for consideration, it'll probably take us a week to 10 days. Laurie, and I will deliberate at the at the conclusion of our interviews today. And we'll be in touch with the candidates for a second, but then further evaluations within the next seven to 10 days.
text:What are the most common problems if you did not work?	labels:Probably, we're looking at the user errors. We have. The network is stable, we have a 99% reliability in terms of accessibility. So it's predominantly either hardware breakage, or software malfunctions. So they need to be it's more of a I've got to use the term more of a database administrator role, from a software perspective in the hardware is, right fix user errors, they drop coffee on the keyboard doesn't work on a core pulls the cord out has to be rebooted. They're only end users. We're not techies, just like myself, you know, I can use a computer but doesn't mean I can restart it. Yes. Okay.	episode_done:True
text:And you currently working that first Hill and you've worked there for how long?\nI am there now. I'm doing co ops.	labels:so tell me what you're doing.
text:They are working on outpatients patients and getting them registered for their labs or the land clean it really well. I learned a lot.	labels:All right, what is your greatest strength?	episode_done:True
text:So as an assistant bank manager, give me an example of how you would deal with a customer who's very angry. You can give me You can tell me more details if you want, why are they angry? And what would you say to them? How would you deal with them?\nActually, I have no example. Then when I was working on Main troubles there for a month or two months, I don't remember exactly. I was new. So one day, I had our customer, he came to me yelling, really angry, because I'm hoping that he had his account. And at that time, because because alcohol was in his account, and that time, I didn't know if I should call my manager of Should I handle that situation myself. And I decided to handle that situation by myself. And I started shoes, my communication skill, talking really slow, how I tried to calm down a client to make sure him that everything was going to be fine. I was going to solve his problem. And in the end, I could solve his problem. And he left the bank. I have not really have a purse because he was angry, but I could solve his problem.	labels:Tell me about a time when you show that you fit well into a team. It's worked well with other people and got good results because you worked well with them.	episode_done:True
text:Can you tell me about your previous job experience, please?\nSure. While I studied at university, I worked as an intern at Avery publishing. I worked in the main office. After I graduated, I worked in the same place full time. I worked in administration at the main office. I was there for four years.	labels:Tell me about your experience there.
text:As an office intern, I just helped with Office support. When I became full time, I was an administration assistant. I helped my boss with her projects.	labels:How did you like the company?	episode_done:True
text:What do you find the most attractive about the job?\nMa'am, I know that info future has an established presence in the healthcare industry. And you have a dedicated team that is working on affordable medical devices. So this is an exact line with my interest area. I would love to be part of this division and share my idea is to make a contribution to the organization.	labels:Okay, now that you've explained, why do you want to join us? Can you give me top three reasons? Why should we hire you?	episode_done:True
text:Right now? It is five to one.\nThat's, that's actually really, really good. What sets you guys apart from other hospitals in the area?	labels:Right now our company is on the cutting edge of healthcare and technology. I think it is a very exciting time to be a part of our company, especially working here. Okay, great.	episode_done:True
text:So moving on to your fourth question, I want to show you an object and you're going to describe to me what that object is and how I use it. Because let's pretend I've never seen this object before. What is this? And how would you explain how to use it to me though,\nthat is, it's called a mobile phone, or a phone. And it is essentially a device that allows people to communicate. And so that looked like a phone that had a touchscreen, so you would switch it on and open it up. It's also a device that allows for many other different activities such as taking photos, and listening to music by using headphones which sort of plug in To your ears, so you can hear through those. And and by connecting to the internet. So you might be able to ask a question of your phone, for example, or search for nearby restaurants. So that would involve opening up the internet function, typing in what your request is.	labels:So thank you for explaining to me how to use this object that I showed you. Why do you think I asked you to do that.
text:And so I imagine it's because communication is like a pivotal skill in medicine. And as doctors, we would have to communicate with not only other doctors and patients, but of course, like members of the multidisciplinary team, so nurses, paramedics, and I guess families, as well as for certain doctors sort of marketing in public health campaigns. And communication is sort of the essence of making sure that you are providing like good care to your patients. Because if they don't feel comfortable telling you things, and you can't explain things to them, then they don't know what kind of treatment they're on, they might not sort of understand their condition properly, or how to manage it. And you might not be able to communicate what they're sort of telling you to other doctors or nurses that might need that to sort of continue or sort of help manage their care as well.	labels:Yeah, absolutely. Okay, so moving on to your final question. And what I want to ask you is why kings? Why have you chosen this medical school, we have so many in London, so why kings.	episode_done:True
text:Elizabeth, your first question today is why medicine.\nI think, for me, I'm really interested in helping people and having like a career where I can actively see like the difference that I make in the world. And so when I was looking into medicine and other healthcare roles, I looked into other roles that support doctors like nursing and parent paramedics. But I think medicine kind of stood out for me in like their inability to diagnose and have that kind of, it's a bit like a detective story where you can work out exactly what is wrong with the patient and come to the conclusion of how best to treat them. And I think I really value the the work that people like paramedics do in in helping in really critical situations. But I think the breadth of medicine was really something that kind of drew me towards that in particular. And yeah,	labels:yeah, great. And as you mentioned, there are many different healthcare staff members, so why not nursing because they have a similar kind of patient facing role. So what made you decide that actually, I want to be a doctor instead+
text:And so I looked into nursing. And I think there's a lot of capacity now actually, in nursing to learn a lot more about for example, diagnosing. And so there's lots of nurses in GP practices that also help with taking consultations on their own and supporting doctors in that way. But I think, although the work is incredibly valuable that nurses do, and I think for me, I wanted something where I had that constant progression, and was able to keep on learning keep on looking into different spheres of medicine and and sort of have again, like I said, that kind of width of knowledge.	labels:Yeah, absolutely. And when it comes to being a doctor, are there any aspects of medicine or becoming a doctor that you're worried about? Or you think might be downsides to the job?	episode_done:True
text:Um, so can you explain what in a n is? And how can you test against it?\nIn a not a number?	labels:correct.
text:Yeah. So when we do some? Oh, yeah. So for example, if we convert a string or other formats of off variable type that cannot be converted to a number, and we will get a n, not a number. And Excuse me, what would just ask how to avoid that?	labels:Yeah. How to? How to like, check against it. Yeah.
text:To check against it?	labels:Or how do you like, test to see if a value is equal to na n?	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any questions for me?\nYes, what is the starting salary?	labels:The starting salary is 35,000 a year plus benefits.
text:And what are the hours of the job?	labels:Well, the office opens at 7am. Most people usually take a one hour lunch break around noon, and then leave about 4pm. But the office doesn't close until 6pm. So you can stay later if you'd like.	episode_done:True
text:So Well, hello. How are you doing today?\nI'm good. How are you?	labels:I'm Excellent. Excellent. So did you was the link Okay, did everything work? Okay, signing on?
text:Yeah, yes, I was able to log in easily. And we've been using a lot of zoom meetings here lately. So I think I'm becoming a pro with this.	labels:So how have you adapted to the online? Have you had to use that a lot in your current position?	episode_done:True
text:And so, in your page object model, why we are using page object model? What is the advantage? Can you tell me like some really good advantages with page object model?\na page object model, it's very cool design. Because we encapsulating our code, we hiding code our outside of users. So, it's very easy to have, like, for example, homepage search page for their page. So we like to put it on the each class of those web elements and then to be able to take those functionalities that lm elements and then put him under like using the methods, so it's usable. Code maintainable.	labels:Okay, so are you writing your assertions in your page classes? Or you are writing assertions in some other classes?
text:No, I don't write on the assertions, I just put the, like headers or any like, like simple methods, but mostly on the step definitions, where right says I put the assertion there.	labels:So if I say that, okay, let's see, I have a login page and the home page or Java. And then you write your events over there. And you create some page actions methods like that, do login method or search method, something like this? And if I say that, okay, you have to assert within the method only inside your page placeholder, is it a good practice to write the assertion inside the page class?	episode_done:True
text:OK. Now, let me ask you a few quick questions. You do not mind working long hours, do you?\nNo, I do not.	labels:Can you handle pressure?
text:Yes, I can. When I was going to school, I took quite a few courses each semester while working at least twenty hours every week. And, I handled that situation very well.	labels:Do you still have any questions for me?
text:No, I think I have a pretty good understanding of the job. I believe that I can handle it with ease, and I hope to have the opportunity to work for you.	labels:user, nice meeting you. Thank you for coming.	episode_done:True
text:So the question I asked you is if you were given the task of setting the promotion, where would you start and what would you do so I've just outlined a whole bunch of them for you. Are there others?\nWhere and the maybe our department store has a lot of information about our VIP so for example you are so our VIP so I can I can go over your information what what do you like and what is your interest in some kind of	labels:I want to I want to work with you on that I live up okay, I'm the eternal Yeah. What this product is Make money. want lots of customers to buy it? Where do we put it? How do we promote it? And how quickly can you do it? Those are my three questions. Or he texted me all that and I'm giving it right back to you. You're my assistant, you're my marketing specialist. So I need to know what you're going to do not me. Because I mean, if I have to do it myself, why would he hire you? make sense.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, Tamra, nice to meet you. I'm Emely. I'll see you. What position Are you interviewing for today?\nI'm actually interviewing for your human resource assistance position.	labels:Very good. And where did you see this job posted?	episode_done:True
text:Can you tell me a little bit more about the skills that you would transfer from your previous line of work to our department here?\nIn education, it's all about making the customer or student feel comfortable and helping them grow. I feel that within a company like Rei, it's the same philosophy, getting a customer comfortable with the product and helping them grow as they advance in whatever sport they happen to be participating in.	labels:Why do you think that our company should hire you specifically amongst our pool of candidates that are interviewing for this position?	episode_done:True
text:But okay, now, can you tell me about your greatest strength?\nSure. I feel my greatest strength is probably my intelligence. I'm a quick learner. It doesn't take me long to pick up on new policies, new ways of doing things. And I actually enjoy it's one of the reasons I chose this profession. Because it's kind of a lifelong learning process.	labels:So you'd be okay with new training programs and everything?	episode_done:True
text:Okay. Well, Tamra, do you have any questions of me?\nWell, one question I do have of you. And I was just reading some information last week is how many people how often have you had to fill this position as human resources system?	labels:We've, this position has had one person for the last four years, and she actually has a husband who's relocating out of the area. And so she wants to follow him. And that's what's created this position that we're interviewing you for today.
text:Thank you very much.	labels:Any other questions?	episode_done:True
text:How would you describe yourself?\nI like being with people and helping people. I enjoy problem solving and challenging work. And I'm serious about my work. But I also like to have fun.	labels:Tell me a little about yourself.
text:My name is Annette Johnson. But most people call me and I'm originally from Boston. But I've lived in Santa for eight years now.	labels:Have you finished your studies?	episode_done:True
text:And something I also I want to ask you, you know, we're looking for an executive assistant here, and you won't be the owner. So I just want to be transparent is that there really is no room to go into a separate category if you take on this business. So I guess, you know, is that something that you're okay with?\nYes, no, 100% understand, like I, I really, you know, like to stick to my skills. And I think I'm stronger than them. And I have no interest in really branching out to anything that's not relevant to my skills. So absolutely, I wouldn't, you know, pull out that all of a sudden, I'm interested in marketing, and definitely satisfied by EA work. And what I really enjoy about it actually, is truly the organizational aspect. I've always been someone who is very meticulous, and I love to keep things organized, both for me and for other people, which is why I think I'm good at it, you know, and things can get stressful, especially with executives out there. And I think it's very important to keep those skills home. Awesome.	labels:Okay, cool. So I think that's great. Now I want to backtrack a little bit. It looks like you are with data from 2016 to 2018, which is great. And I know you mentioned the reason for leaving was because of layoffs. What were you doing from December 2018 to may 2019?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best quality?\nMy best quality would be that I'm an energetic. I'm a team player, I work well with others. I like being involved with other people and getting to know them. And I think that's a very important aspect of being on a team and working together.	labels:Um, could you give me an example of how you handled a stressful situation?	episode_done:True
text:All right, what is your greatest strength?\nMy greatest strength I believe is my qualifications that I have my knowledge of the job	labels:and we have several applications that people that are qualified we don't we don't interview anybody qualified. Tell me why. Tell me why we should hire you. Tell me what you got or what you have or what you bring that should make me want to hire you.
text:I feel that I would be the best person for the job.	labels:Are you are you organized? Do you make a lot of mistakes?	episode_done:True
text:Quite often, when you're working within a team, you will find conflict arises, or difficulties arise with another co worker, I just wonder if you can tell me about a time when that actually happened and how you resolve that situation?\nSure, absolutely. Look, I feel like the potential for conflict often arises. And there's been several tense moments that have I've encountered at work difficult for me to single anyone out. But what I can tell you is, the approach that I take in those situations is to engage with the person rather than to, to start getting sort of caught up in who may be right and who may be wrong, it seems more important in a work environment, especially to, to just honestly engage with the other person and find out whether there is actually an issue and to reveal whatever issue that I have, and basically relinquish the need to be right in the situation isn't always easy, but it seems like it's really necessary if you're going to get to, to a position of being able to satisfy some mutual agreement.	labels:That's an excellent answer as well, because I think quite often, when conflict does arise, it's perhaps got its base rooted in miscommunication or misunderstanding. So it's really important, I agree to find what you both coming from and seeing how you've had somehow that you've ended up at different points. I'm just also wondering how you might go about a task that you didn't actually know how to do fragment sake, you've been asked to place a large stationary order for the company, you've just arrived, you're not sure how to do it? How would you go about that?	episode_done:True
text:Okay, if you stepped in, if I offered you the job, and you stepped into the job, nine o'clock next morning, next Monday morning. I said, sit down. Juliana, what five questions do you have for me about this bank, this bank? What would your questions be for me? I am your manager?\nI might show you what you expect from me, in terms in the training time, why do you expect from me and the last one? You if I will be if you will be able to provide me if I can grow in that company.	labels:Excellent. Good questions. Very good. So now that you have the answers for all that, you got to tell me, what do you do in case of emergency. And we're still mercial, because I can't sit here learning a trade, but I have to go through it. We're going to change roles. Okay, you're going to be B? And I want you to answer this question. Why would I choose you? versus the reason why?	episode_done:True
text:What do you do if a supervisor or manager asks you to do something you don't agree with?\nI would first make sure that it's legal. And if it was, if it's legal, I will, you know, carry out the audit task that was given to me. And if I think there's a better way, I think that after everything is said and done, if I find a quiet moment, I'll put a person to the side and give a recommendation of how I feel that it could be done better.	labels:Tell me about your career goals. Or if you were to receive this job, what is your plan? What's your long term goal?	episode_done:True
text:Please tell us about yourself. Probably you could tell us about your education first.\nWell, I graduated the Department of oilfield development with high honors and was qualified as Master of Science in petroleum engineering.	labels:Well, your education sounds great. Mr. Darcy. And have you got any experience? Have you worked before?
text:Certainly, I managed to get a job in reservoir engineering and got my first job at research center called the oil. I'm currently a principal technical expert at clusters industries, where I handled our top performing client. Before that, I worked as a principal engineer for a large tech company called oil tech and was involved in the most important projects of oil and gas deposits.	labels:How long have you been working for clusters industries?	episode_done:True
text:So you are the only person in QA or you have other team members?\nNow, my team consists of nine people, we have four developers three key ways. Business Analysis, product, owner, and Scrum Master.	labels:How do you divide your work with respect to QA, so all three ways, like working together, like
text:we see mostly as a leader, but me and my other co worker, we are taking their same responsibilities we are when I write the code I showed to reveal to her when she writes the code, she she shows me to review the code. So we are like, not taking the 50 50% responsibles together.	labels:Okay, let's go. Okay. So but you are saying that you're converting your Manual Test Cases into automation, but on what basis? What can you tell me that is everything you are going to convert into automation, or there is some criteria,	episode_done:True
text:I just want you to maybe elaborate a little bit on what your leadership skills are like what you've done in the past like to lead people.\nso I really like taking the lead. When we throw events that work for specific brands, if we have an Urban Decay event, if we have a target event, anything like that, I really like to kind of take the lead on those and try and throw things together, make it more fun, invite as many clients as I can. Just things like that. I like to organize things and just make things more fun. I'm a very creative type soul. So I like to take things and kind of put an edge on everything. That's what I usually do at my job now.	labels:That's a ton of leadership experience, you know. So as you're talking about Ulta, it says here, I can see you've been there for over a year, and you're currently employed there. And so now what areas do you enjoy the most? Or did you Is it this event scheduling you were just talking about? Or is there more or less to it?	episode_done:True
text:What is your weakness?\nDefinitely lack of motivation,	labels:Yeah, what times you like motivation?
text:when I'm at my downfall I would definitely lack of motivation. Okay, I will feel I don't want I don't have the motivation to complete this thing.	labels:What do you like? What do you not like?	episode_done:True
text:Thank you for applying for the job and coming in for the interview. The first thing I would like to do is tell me a little bit about yourself and why I should hire you for this job.\nOkay, well, my name is Timothy McNeil, of course, you know that by my interview, my resume, I've spent the past 22 years serving United States military, various jobs for management to coordinate services, supplies, logistics for certain units, and I was looking for a change of pace. So I decided to go back to school and further my education and get involved in the healthcare industry.	labels:Tell me a little bit about your education at Richmond Community College and your experience qualifies and prepares you for this job.	episode_done:True
text:So what I'd like to do first is give you an opportunity of telling us a little bit about yourself. I mean, the resumes are one thing, hearing it from you. So this is your commercial.\nAnd my name is Tom Hart. And I'm from Korea, and I'm the university student now. and my major is sociology and the mass communication. I have a two major and I have some experience about volunteering, including Toronto, International Film Festival, and pride parade, and into the low income children. And yes, and I have another group experiences, working at the clothing store and working at the high school. That is a good hour really, there is international Expo as a hostess. And finally I work at the research department in my university.	labels:Okay, so I've heard of quite a few companies. Can you give an example of what you do?	episode_done:True
text:Are you are you organized? Do you make a lot of mistakes?\nI am well organized. Communicate with others Well, I work together with others well.	labels:how do you handle pressure?
text:Fine. Even though not right now.	labels:Tell me what your what your goals for the future. If you were to get this job. Tell me what your goals are and what you plan.	episode_done:True
text:Are you enjoying your job? Are you like, like hard working person?\nI'm very curious about my like, job, but like taking the whole the business requirements. I really like detail oriented person, like I search everything, read carefully. And then I come up approach wisdom, my team, where we discuss how we can.	labels:So if you're enjoying and you're having some everything is good, your tech stack is really good. And what kind of tools and technologies are you're using? Which is like amazingly good, like, then why do you want to change? While looking for the change?
text:I look for change, because my contract is ending First of all, and and then of course there is in the market. I have to learn more tools first, then to meet the people. And yeah, it's my like a further opportunity to be as a que que le it.	labels:Okay, so great. So you're saying you are into 20%, manual and 80% into automation. So what exactly are doing in terms of manual testing? Like what are the different activities you are doing currently?
text:Yeah, when we have business requirements, and then I tried to learn for is like read carefully, as I said, and try to understand what's the concept of the what we are building. So I tried to first a manually to come up with the idea like writing the test cases, SQL queries, and then when doing this Like when we have during this print the developers like deploying the features. I have before that I tried to understand what's the concept of that what I'm gonna look at test. So I start creating the test cases manually, then to the automation.	labels:So you are the only person in QA or you have other team members?	episode_done:True
text:Excellent. Teamwork is very important. And I can think of no more important role than a receptionist because you're dealing with wide range of clients for all of the people within your team. So teamwork is always important. Can you perhaps tell me what you think might be your weaknesses?\nI was wondering whether I might be asked that question. That's a difficult one. But it's one that I've given a lot of thought to. And in all honesty, I believe that sometimes I try and do too much, or try to achieve too much, and in doing so don't actually fulfill any of the things to to the level at which I was wanting.	labels:And that's grants for and I think probably a lot of us are in the same position issue in terms of taking on too much. I just wonder, have you ever thought about how you might be able to turn those weaknesses into strengths?
text:Yes, I have. To me, the capacity to reflect upon weaknesses is the first step that needs to be taken to turn the weakness into a strength. Without being without the capacity to acknowledge what's going wrong. It doesn't seem to be much hope in in turning it into something that can go right. So that answer your question.	labels:Yes, it does. I think so long as we're aware of it, as you stated earlier, then we can think about strategies on how to actually plan our work and prioritize our work so we get the best out of it, and in some cases, maybe even delegate it. I like that. You've spoken actually about teamwork and, and I can't tell you how important I believe that is but Quite often, when you're working within a team, you will find conflict arises, or difficulties arise with another co worker, I just wonder if you can tell me about a time when that actually happened and how you resolve that situation?	episode_done:True
