text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nSince we get paid by the hour. Do we get overtime payment?	labels:Yes, you get overtime payment. Will you be able to work late if needed?
text:Yes, sometimes. I have children so I need to be able to plan ahead.	labels:Of course. How old are your children?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI am devoted to my task. I like to do a good job.	labels:What is you biggest strenght?
text:That I am really intelligent.	labels:What is your biggest weakness?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI know a lot about clothes, and I make sure that the customers feel welcome.	labels:What is your favourite brand of clothes?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nI like to make things look nice in the store. All clothes should be neatly folded.	labels:Do you like to shop yourself?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhat kind of regulations do you follow?	labels:We follow all the common EU transportation law. Are you used to working with strict regulation demands?
text:Yes, in my previous job as a truck drivers we had similar requirements.	labels:Could you tell me more about what you learned in your previous job?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nI&#39;m wondering what your next step is in this recruitment process.	labels:Our next step is to meet two more candidates. Then we make a decision about who we want to hire. We will contact you no later than Friday next week.
text:I want you to know that if I am offered the job, I will say yes, because I really want it.	labels:Thank you so much for the interview. We&#39;ll get in touch with you.	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little about if you have such experience?\nYes, I have been working within healthcare for the last 5 years now, and since the doctor's teams never work alone, I have always worked in close proximity to others.	labels:Can you tell me about the best doctor's team you've worked with?
text:Of course, it was just two years ago at the main hospital here, where we were a team of four nurses and one doctor. The nice thing about this team was our ability to communicate well and also have fun at the same time.	labels:What constitutes good communication for you?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nNo, I think that I know what I need to about cars.	labels:Yes, but maybe you would like to ask something about the terms and conditions for this position?
text:Sure, what is my expected salary?	labels:Well, that depends on how many cars that you are able to fix.	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhat kind of cars would I be working with?	labels:Out customers have all types of cars, so it is hard to say exactly.	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a nurse, it is good if you have experience of working with others. Can you tell us a little about such an experience?\nAfter my education, I have both practiced and worked in home care.	labels:How did you enjoy working in home care?
text:I really enjoyed serving and caring for people, but the commuting itself was not fun.	labels:What did it mean to serve and care for people?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nIn my home country, I drove many different trucks, even those with heavy trailers. And then I&#39;m good at planning my routes	labels:Tell us more about how you plan your routes
text:I always check in my GPS if there have been accidents that cause the road to be closed or there are traffic jams.	labels:Have you yourself been in an accident while driving a truck?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little about if you have such experience?\nIn some my previous work places I have mostly worked alone, but I sometimes miss having banter during lunch and also being able to get help and help colleagues.	labels:Were there any specific reasons why you worked alone before?
text:I have always considered myself as a little bit of a lone wolf, but since working a little bit in teams I have started to appreciate it more.	labels:I see, what is it that you appreciate the most when working in a team?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a nurse, it is good if you have experience of working with others. Can you tell us a little about such an experience?\nDuring my education, I practiced in a nursing home. There I learned that it is important that we create an environment in which the elderly feel safe.	labels:How to create a safe environment?
text:Because we as staff are understanding and attentive to the patient&#39;s needs.	labels:How can you as staff understand and pay attention to the needs of all patients?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nAm I gonna be required to use different types of machinery?	labels:I don't think I understand the question. Can you word it differently?
text:I mean am I gonna have to use equipment, maybe for lifting?	labels:Do you mean equipments such as forklifts, cranes and pallet jacks?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have previously worked in healthcare and also helped out my mother who was home sick for 3 years.	labels:For how many years did you work in healthcare?
text:I worked in healthcare for 2 years.	labels:What did you work with in the healthcare sector?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhat are the work times?	labels:You start at 8 and can leave a 4 with 30 minutes for lunch. Is there anything else that you would like to ask?
text:No, that was it.	labels:Ok, thank you for your time.	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nDo you have insurance for your workers in case we get hurt while working?	labels:We have great insurance coverage but we also have a lot of training so that our workers won't get hurt. Do you have any previous safety training?
text:Yes. I have taken several courses in terms of safety training.	labels:At this company, we offer courses in safety training every year. Does that sound good to you?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI am hard working and I will be the first one to show up each morning.	labels:How can you be sure about that?
text:I used to work at a different bakery and I was alwyas the first person there.	labels:Which bakery was that?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nDo I have to buy and bring my own equipment to the bakery?	labels:No, everything you need will be available at the bakery.	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI'm very social and find it very easy to speak to new people.	labels:Why does that make you a good fit?
text:I think those are important skills to have when working with customers. A customers should feel welcomed.	labels:But not all customers feel that way. How do you handle the ones who are more reserved?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nThe salary is good and I have heard from some friends that this is a great place work.	labels:Do you have many friends that are working here.	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI'm interested in handling shipping orders and working efficiently so that the cosutmers recieve their stock as quick as possible.	labels:Could you go a little bit more into detail, to help me understand better?
text:Of course! I myself am not a fan off waiting months to recieve my online orders. I therefor want to prevent that from happening to others.	labels:What's the longest you've ever waited for an order?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have a lot of patience working with people.	labels:What kind of people have you cared for before?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI like to work as a therapist because I want people to be aware that they can get help professionally.	labels:What are your responsibilities as a therapist?	episode_done:True
text:Where do you see yourself in 5 years\nI am aiming at becoming a manager of this branch	labels:Do you have any work experience of being a manager?
text:No, not yet.	labels:Do you have any study background in terms of leadership and organization?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nIf there is anything I love in this world it's baking.	labels:So you are passionate about baking?
text:Yes, specifically baking cakes.	labels:Do you bake bread as well?	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any questions about the position?\nYes, what different places can I expect to work at?	labels:We have security guards at shopping centres, different shops, the subway as well as at different industrial locations.	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI love cars, specifically working with engines.	labels:Do you work with your car at home?
text:Yes, whenever I get a chance I am working on my car at home.	labels:Do you have more than one car?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nThe pay is good.	labels:Is there anything else you like about retail.
text:It seems like a relaxed job, which suits me perfectly.	labels:It is important to say that when you work here, we expect you to do the tasks that you are provided.	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nIt is good pay, and I think that I have the right qualifications for this position.	labels:What would those qualifications be?
text:I have worked at a similar job before, and I know what is expected of me.	labels:That is good. What did you do at your previous job?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nAm I going to work with a team or by myself?	labels:You're going to work with a team.	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have both an education and relevant experience working in the health care industry.	labels:What is the relevant experience or education for working in the healthcare industry that you have?	episode_done:True
text:Are you able to work different shifts?\nYes, I do not mind working different shifts on different days.	labels:Do you have any experience from working different shifts?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI bake in my spare time so I definetly know my way with a lot of different foods.	labels:What kind of things have you baked?
text:I've made bread, pastries, cakes and a lot of other stuff.	labels:Do you prefer sweet or savory food?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a janitor, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nWhen I was high school I would often do projects with the other students in my school.	labels:What types of problems would you usually do?	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any questions about the position?\nYes, how many colleagues will I have?	labels:Currently there are 3 other bartenders working at the bar.	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for one of our jobs as a cleaner. Have you previously worked in cleaning?\nHi, yes thats right. Yes I have previously worked as a cleaner.	labels:Great! How many years have you worked as a cleaner?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our warehouse, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nAt my previous job we worked in a team of 5 people.	labels:What was your role in that team?
text:I was the right hand man for the team leader.	labels:What did your work tasks consist of?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI saw the advert for the job position and I'm looking for a job!	labels:Ok! But do you have any specific interest in the job?
text:Not really, I just need a job as I am currently unemployed.	labels:Then, why should I hire you?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work at our cargo company, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI am coordinating with people who assign me orders to deliver and also with people who receive the delivery.	labels:What kinds of orders do you deliver?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI studied food safety and sanitation standards.	labels:What course did you study?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have worked in retail for 1 year at another store in the city, so I consider myself experienced.	labels:Ok! And did you work in retail for clothes then too?
text:Yes, fashion is my passion.	labels:What was the store called?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWhen the company gave us a tour about electric cars.	labels:Did you get a chance to repair an electric car?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a cashier. What do you think seems fun about this job?\nI like working in a store because the work is varied and social.	labels:What is it about working in a store that you appreciate?
text:I think it&#39;s fun to help customers and make sure they leave the store satisfied.	labels:You say you like helping customers. What does service mean to you?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI liked to work as a firefighter.	labels:What did you enjoy the most working as a firefighter?
text:Helping other people.	labels:Are you good at handling other people?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nMy best experience was when we had a collection from one of my favourite designers.	labels:What made you enjoy this so much?
text:I loved recommending our customers this range of clothes, because I knew they were the best.	labels:Would you be able to work with clothes from another designer as well?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI am dependable, I show up on time and I always work to the best of my abilities.	labels:When do you get up in the morning?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWill I get to work with other things, beyond the cash register?	labels:That depends on the terms of our agreement.
text:What would my monthly income look like?	labels:We'll talk about payment later.	episode_done:True
text:Working as a security guard you need to be able to work in a pair together with a colleague. Does this work for you?\nYes, I am a sociable person and like working with people.	labels:It is a bonus if you get to know the client aswell, does this work for you?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nThat said, I love cars, and I'm good at repairing and servicing cars. I like problem solving.	labels:What do you mean by problem solving? Explain
text:Well, the best I know is when it comes to cars with different faults. Where I need to do a thorough troubleshooting and then also fix the solution so the car works again as it should.	labels:Are you good at all kinds of troubleshooting on a car?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you fit well as a car mechanic?\nI have a long experience of the profession. My interest and my knowledge of cars and motorcycles is of course important, but it is also my ability to create good customer contacts.	labels:Can you tell us about any other experience that is important for this service?
text:I handled the purchases of spare parts and components from my previous employer.	labels:Were you responsible for these purchases?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a warehouse worker, it is good if you have experience of working with others. Can you tell us a little about such an experience?\nIn my previous work as a shop assistant, I had to meet both customers but also collaborate with different employees.	labels:How did your collaboration with different employees work?
text:It worked well and was very instructive.	labels:What has been most instructive for you?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nYes, when is the starting date?	labels:We have set the starting date as one month from now, as we have some more applicants that we need to review. Does one month from now work for you?
text:Yes that is no problem at all, I am out of work at the moment so I can start any time.	labels:Very well, being out of work is tough. Can you tell me more about how you lost your job?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWhen my past employer allows our family members to shop with a discount.	labels:How much discount do they allow?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI am an experienced car mechanic and done it for three years.	labels:What car manufacturer brands have you experienced working as a mechanic?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWhen my past employer holds an annual car mechanic competition to repair a car.	labels:How did you do in that competition?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhat items do I need to sell?	labels:Our items include maternity clothing, baby essentials, and accessories.	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nHow far out do your drivers usually ship the cargo?	labels:The shipment is limited to inside of the country.
text:So I won't have to drive outside of the country?	labels:Exactly, we do not provide international shipping by truck.	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nWhen I bake for my family I always get special requests that I have to keep in mind while working.	labels:How do you think that can be applied in the workspace?
text:Costumers will probably have special requests such as allergies or just preferences of how they want their food. Therefor it's an upside that I can change my recipes depending on the person I'm baking for.	labels:Do you have any allergies that affect you while you work?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI am a good fit because I have a passion for cars. I just like to work on them every day.	labels:Are you constantly in the garage even when it's your day off?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI really liked my work tasks, they gave me meaning.	labels:Which work task did you enjoy the most?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nIt's interesting to work for a company that does repair big vehicles like you.	labels:Do you have experience repairing trucks?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nHas always had a lot of friends, both at school and at previous jobs. I think it gives energy to work with others. That you help each other.	labels:Tell us about how you helped others at your last job
text:If there is anyone I notice has a difficult customer, then I will be happy to come to you and help my colleague. I think it is a challenge to get difficult customers to be satisfied.	labels:How do you do that to make them happy?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI worked at a kindergarden before, and we were several teachers that worked together.	labels:What was the working relationship like?
text:We would make sure that we knew what all the children were up to. So we had to communicate about where all the children were.	labels:Where there any conflicts among the staff when you worked there and how was it resolved?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nIn my previous jobs I found it very rewarding to work close to the customer.	labels:Would you be interested in working close to the customer in this job?
text:Yes. I feel I can help in sales as well.	labels:It is always interesting in improving our sales. Do you have any experience in terms of sales as well?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me a bit about yourself.\nI am 45 years old, married with two kids. I am currently unemployed but I am very motivated to work.	labels:How long have you been unemployed.
text:Two years	labels:I see. What was the last job you had.	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI worked with delivery teams on my past retail job before.	labels:What duty do you partake on stock delivery?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI think I really enjoy working specific hours with specific tasks, and I like stacking objects on one another. Doing that with a truck just seems to add more fun to it.	labels:Is there anything else than stacking objects on top of each other that makes you a good fit?
text:Well I am the type of person to get along with everyone else.	labels:Can you give any examples of when you have gotten along with everyone else in a team or workplace?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a car mechanic, it is good if you have experience of working with others. Can you tell us a little about such an experience?\nMy dad worked as a car mechanic and since childhood I have loved helping him.	labels:Have you worked as a car mechanic yourself?
text:I have worked as a car mechanic for more than 20 years as both an employee and my own entrepreneur.	labels:How did you enjoy being an employed car mechanic?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nYes I do have one question. How many people are wokring at the same time?	labels:There are about 20 people working in one shift.
text:That sounds like a lof of people.	labels:It is, but there are a lof of patients. Any other question?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI would say that I'm efficient.	labels:Can you give an example of what makes you efficient
text:I have ADHD and it makes me energetic which I can use to do work. But I'm not good at sitting down	labels:Okay, do you ever feel like your ADHD it's an impediment?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhat is the working schedule?	labels:The schedule will be five days a week, eight hours a day starting at seven o'clock in the morning.	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nWhen I worked as a staff nurse, I worked with other nurses like me. We help each other with our responsibilities.	labels:What help did they get from you as their fellow nurse?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you fit well as a nurse?\nI am very social, service-oriented and caring.	labels:Would you be able to describe from practice how you are social, service-oriented and caring?
text:In the meeting with patients, I try to talk openly, listen to their needs and then treat them with understanding.	labels:What do you mean by respecting those with understanding?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI have worked at a car repair shop in Syria. There were 25 employees and we needed to work together all the time.	labels:What does collaborating mean to you?
text:That you help each other when needed. That you do not go and have a coffee instead to help a colleague.	labels:How do you think a really good colleague should be?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nNo, I think that I understand what the job is about.	labels:Ok, what is the job about then?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nMy best experience is when I got my hands on my first electric car repair.	labels:That's nice. How's your experience with electric cars?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWhen I worked as a mailman. I got a lot of exercise during my work day.	labels:How did you work as a mailman?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nWhen I studied, we had a lot of group work. We needed to come to an agreement and do what was best for the group. I often took a leading role	labels:Can you tell us more about what the leading role meant?
text:It was usually me who made sure that we kept deadlines, and who made sure that everyone in the group had a say. I also make sure everyone takes responsibility.	labels:Speaking of responsibility, describe in what way you are responsible.	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nCan I run my own baking projects here?	labels:Well, we usually do not let our employees run their own projects here.
text:Ok that is ok.	labels:Is there something else that you would like to ask?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have loved cars ever since I was sixteen and got my first car.	labels:What kind of car have you had and what kind of repairs have you done on it?
text:I had an old Ford Fiesta and did full service every year myself and changed the gearbox.	labels:What did you learn from changing the gearbox?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhat are the clinic hours?	labels:We serve people for eight hours 7 AM to 4 PM.	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI work hard, and I always follow instructions.	labels:Could you give an example of following instructions?
text:I would always do my homework.	labels:Could you give a job related example?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work at our cargo company, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little about if you have such experience?\nI have been working in the same place as others but we have rarely had to do actual team work. We mostly worked in parallel.	labels:I see, but do you have any examples of a team working experience that you have had?
text:Can I think about it for a couple of minutes?	labels:Very well, would you like a cup of coffee in the meantime?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI am really passionate about cars. And I am a devoted worked. I will alwyas show up on time.	labels:When did you get passionate about cars?
text:When I was five or six. My dad loved cars as well.	labels:Did you work on cars together with your father?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nYes I do, when working in healthcare before I had a lot of great colleagues I got along with.	labels:Great! How many colleagues did you have?
text:In my department we were 10 employees.	labels:How was it working in a team of ten people?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you fit well as a warehouse worker?\nI am strong, fast and flexible.	labels:Can you tell us in which way you are flexible?
text:I like varied tasks and can work different times.	labels:Working hours are scheduled, which means that you can come to work during the day and in the evening and at night. Can you get to the workplace even for the late shifts?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWell my previous job was not at all within baking, but nevertheless I really enjoyed talking to customers. I seem to have a knack for charming older ladies.	labels:What is it about talking to customers that you enjoy?
text:I like the attention and being able to sell the customers something that they will like having, or in this case, that they will like to eat.	labels:Can you explain the perfect customer to me?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our warehouse, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nNot really, I have been unemployed for 3 years. But I like people!	labels:I see! Why have you been unemployed for so long?
text:Because I have been sick and unable to work.	labels:What makes you think that you will not be sick here as well?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a truck driver. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nWell I just got my truck driver's license and I am very excited to start driving trucks for work.	labels:Was there anything specific that made you get a truck driver's license?
text:I wa always jealous of the truck drivers at my old workplace as it looked so fun to drive a truck.	labels:Yes it does seem fun, but dangerous as well. Have you driven truck since you got your license?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nSure. I work with a car test driver in my past employment.	labels:Great. What does a car test driver contribute to you as a car mechanic?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI'm passionate about cars. It's interesting to know that I can help people to save their cars.	labels:What are you most experienced in cars, the electric-powered or gasoline-powered?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a truck driver. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nThis job gives me the freedom to decide my own schedule, which I like.	labels:Do you have expereince from driving long shifts?
text:Yes, when I go on skiing vaccation with my family, I always drive the entire way.	labels:Are you a safe driver?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhat is the pay?	labels:You will earn 120 SEK/hour. Is this ok for you?
text:Yes, that sounds good. Better than my other jobs.	labels:Is there anything else that you would like to know?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nWorking in a business is a dream for me! I like when things happen, when you meet people, and that I can help	labels:Why is it important to you that things happen?
text:I like when it&#39;s pace, and when you do not have to stand or sit still. Is social and needs people around me	labels:What happens if there is no pace at work?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI'm a hard worker.	labels:The job will require some heavy lifting. Is this a problem for you?
text:Not really, I'm big and strong.	labels:Do you like to lift weights?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI am fascinated by bread.	labels:Could you perhaps expand on that?
text:Yes, I am really interested in how yeast works.	labels:Do you like baking as well?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nDo I get any discounts in the store?	labels:All employees get 20 percent of on all articles.	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI liked to work as a firefighter.	labels:What did you enjoy the most working as a firefighter?
text:Helping other people.	labels:Are you good to handle other people?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nYes. I worked as a bakery team member before. We work closely with our bakery manager.	labels:What are your responsibilities as part of that team?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as carpenter. How long have you worked with carpenting previously?\nI started studying carpenting when I was 16 years old. I have worked with carpenting for 10 years, since I was 18 years old.	labels:Great, you have a lot of experience. What do like about carpenting?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nHow long are the shifts?	labels:The minimum shift is six hours a day while on busy days can go up to eight hours a day.	episode_done:True
text:Welcome to this interview!\nThank you very much.	labels:How was your trip? Was it hard to find your way here?
text:No, not at all. I am familiar with this part of town since before.	labels:That is great to hear. Would you like a cup of coffee before we start?
text:No thank you, I am fine.	labels:A glass of water then?	episode_done:True
text:Welcome to this interview!\nThank you very much.	labels:How was your trip? Was it hard to find your way here?
text:I had some troubles yes, but I managed to find my way just in time.	labels:Yes I can imagine, it is a rather unknown neighbourhood. Anyhow, would you like a cup of coffee before we start?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI love working on cars, they are my passion.	labels:Do you have any specific car you like to work on?
text:Not really, although I do enjoy sports cars a lot!	labels:What is your favorite sports car?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI am stubborn and will not give up until I have found and fixed a problem that a customer has presented.	labels:Has it ever happened that your stubborness has worked against you instead of helping you?
text:Yes, I sometimes get frustrated when I have tried a lot of things and none have worked to solve the problem. But that is usually the time when I take help from more senior colleagues.	labels:Are there any situations in which you feel hesitant to ask for help from a colleague?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI don't have any experience from previous jobs.	labels:I see, do you have any experience you would like to mention?
text:Not really, I just need a job.	labels:Ok, we'll get back to you when we have decided on who to employ!	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nBaking is my passion.	labels:That sounds good. Could you expand on that?
text:Sure! I like to bake and I do it every week. I like to experiment with different recipes.	labels:How do you come up with a new recipy for baking?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nCars are my passion, and I like to do physical work. I am also eager to learn more about cars.	labels:How long have you worked with cars?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nYes, I have had an apprenticeship at a previous car shop.	labels:Did you have a supervisor that you reported to?
text:Yes, I did.	labels:What type of work did you do with your supervisor?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nIs it possible to work on my own car while I am here?	labels:No, we generally do not allow our employees to work with their own stuff here.
text:Ok, that is not something that I appreciate.	labels:I am sorry, but those are the rules.	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nIt&#39;s enough that I&#39;m good at getting customers to be satisfied. That I listen to them, and find out what they want.	labels:In addition to listening, how do you make a customer happy?
text:I think you have to help them figure out what they need. That they get a good impression and want to come back to the store.	labels:What do you think is most important for a business to make a good impression?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI have not had an employment before, so I wouldn't know.	labels:Ok, but haven't you had any summer jobs or part time jobs before?
text:Not actually I have not. I was never interested in that stuff.	labels:Ok, but why should I hire someone that does not have any previous experience?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI think it is interesting to learn locally baked French pastries.	labels:What pastries have you baked in the past?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI think my best experience would have to be from my previous workplace, where I had clearly set routines and tasks each day.	labels:Is it important for you to have the same type of tasks each day when you go to work?
text:Yes I think so, I really like predictability and knowing what lies ahead.	labels:Are there any specific tasks that you enjoy?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nIs this a regular job or an on-call job?	labels:We both have open jobs for regular workers and on-call workers. Which one do you prefer?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work at our cargo company, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nNo I cannot say that I have that.	labels:Ok. Why do you think that it is important to work with others?
text:Because we are a company and we work as a team.	labels:In what way do you think that working in a team is important for us?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have worked many years in healthcare. I like to work with people.	labels:Can you describe your previous experience working with people? Especially some difficult situations.
text:Of course. Sometimes it can be difficult when working with people who don't want help or are rude because of their disease. I have to remind myself that it's not me they are frustrated with but it can be hard at times.	labels:I understand, but it's good that you are aware of this. Without that skill this job will be difficult.	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI have not worked before.	labels:Do you have any experience from a summer job or an internship?
text:Acctually, I worked selling ice cream when I was 16.	labels:Could you tell me about that?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nMy co-workers were the main reasons I loved my previous jobs?	labels:Do you find co-workers and the social environment at your work important?
text:Yes, very much so. It makes cooperation much easier and the work environment more pleasant.	labels:Are you able to do a good job even if you do not find the work enviroment to be pleasant?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have a technical aptitude that makes me able to work with mechanical problems.	labels:What car mechanical problems do you usually solve?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have a strong physique and I know how to use lifter machine.	labels:What warehouse lifter machine did you operate before?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI have always worked in store where I truly enjoyed the products. It makes it much easier to sell.	labels:Do you like the products we sell?
text:Yes, that is why I applied to your store. I always loved your products.	labels:We have an employee discount on our products and we encourage our employees to buy and test our products. Does that sound good?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI think that motors are interesting.	labels:Could you be more specific what you like about motors?
text:I like the way the engine sounds.	labels:Is there anything else that you like about cars?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nThe best experience in my past job is when my employer takes care of our lodging when we do very long-hour drives.	labels:What else does your past employer give as a great offer to you back then?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a Taxi Driver. What makes you interested in working for our company?\nI am interested in working for your company because I have heard many great things about it.	labels:Great! What have you heard about our company?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI like to do more physically active jobs than clerical jobs.	labels:What physical jobs have you done before?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you fit well as a nurse?\nI am kind, and I like the field of medicine.	labels:Have you any experince outisde of medicine that you think would be valuable when working as a nurse?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nI like to do sales and meet new customers as I am a very outgoing person.	labels:What products are you selling before?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWhat do you like about attending those car expos?	labels:Did you get a chance to repair an electric car?	episode_done:True
text:So, can you tell me a bit about yourself?\nSure. I am 27 years old and I have worked mostly within construction before. I got laid off due to economical reasons, where the company went bankrupt.	labels:Oh, that must have been quite dramatic. Were there any specific reason they went bankrupt?
text:I am not sure, I think it was a mix of bad luck and a recess in economy.	labels:I see, and now you are thinking of moving to another industry?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI always coordinate with the people in the stockroom to ensure that they give our customers the proper size they need.	labels:How do you communicate with people in the stockroom?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a Warehouse Worker. What do you think seems fun about this job?\nIt is a moving and varied work.	labels:Have you previously had work that has been mobile and varied?
text:I have experience of working in a grocery store and as a caretaker.	labels:How long did you work as a caretaker?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWhen I build my first engine.	labels:That is impressive. Did it work?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI believe I am good at being both personal and professional at the same time, which is important in this job.	labels:What does it mean to be professional in your work, according to you?
text:Professionalism is about knowing what you are employed to do and to handle every client with respect.	labels:Is showing and receiving respect something that is important to you in terms of being a healthcare worker?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI recently discovered that I am actually quite good at baking bread, and thought why not make this into something I can earn some money on.	labels:Are you only in it for the money?
text:Well, the money does its fair share. I do enjoy baking, it is like meditation to me, but the monetary value is hard to overlook.	labels:I see, are there any qualities that are specific to this workplace that makes you apply for a job here?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI like caring for people. I had done volunteer works before in remote locations that lacked healthcare providers.	labels:What is your job position while doing volunteer works?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nI like to sell stuff. It makes me happy.	labels:What type of stuff do you like to sell?
text:Anything that you can imagine. Clothes, food, design stuff. I like it all.	labels:Do you have any previous experience selling all that stuff?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nThe best thing was to work at different stations and meet other people.	labels:How are you affected by working at different stations?
text:It makes the work more fun and more exciting.	labels:How important is it for you that the work is fun and exciting?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nThe collaboration between us colleagues worked really well in the store I last worked in. It also noticed the customers who were drawn into the community.	labels:In what way was that community good for the store?
text:Customers were happy and came back to the store every time they needed something new.	labels:It is positive with happy customers. How do you handle customers who are dissatisfied?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nIs there an open job position in the pediatric ward? If ever, can I help out there?	labels:We have open healthcare assistant jobs for pediatrics, maternity, and geriatrics right now. You will be assigned to the ward that is most relevant to your skills and experience.	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a cashier, it is good if you have experience of working with others. Can you tell us a little about such an experience?\nAs a salesman, you are often part of a work team, where everyone together has a responsibility for the work tasks. It is therefore important that we agree on who does what every day.	labels:What do you do when you discover that a task has not been done on time?
text:I investigate why it is not done, and solve the task.	labels:If the task is new to you. What are you doing to solve it?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nDuring my internship, I was assigned as a helper for the senior baker at a cafe.	labels:Can you tell me what skills you acquired during your internship?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nYes, I like to work with others.	labels:That's good, but could you clarify why you are good working with others?
text:Absolute. When I worked at the other bakery, we were a team of five people who worked together every day.	labels:I see, which role did you have on that team?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a firefighter, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI have worked as a firefighter before and we used to work in a team.	labels:How many were you in your team?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI have baked my entire life and I love the creative part of this job.	labels:Being creative is always good but often baking is just routine work. Would you be fine doing routine work as well?
text:Yes. I like baking no matter what.	labels:What made you start liking baking from the beginning?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a nurse. What do you think seems fun about this job?\nThe best thing I know is to take care of other people.	labels:What does it mean for you to take care of other people?
text:This means making it easier for them in a difficult situation.	labels:How do you proceed then ??	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work at our cargo company, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nNot really. I have previously worked on my own as a contractor. I drive my own truck.	labels:I understand. In this job we will provide you with a truck however.
text:Not a problem!	labels:What type of truck is the truck that you own?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nTalking to new clients.	labels:Where were your clients from?	episode_done:True
text:Working as a taxi driver you need to be able to work during different time shifts. Is this okay for you?\nYes, this is fine.	labels:Have you ever worked the night shift before? One of our shifts is between 10 PM-06 AM.	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI do not really have any work experience of working with others. But I have done some school projects with some friends.	labels:I see, but you must have encountered some colleagues in your previous jobs.
text:Sure, I had some colleagues at my previous jobs, but we never worked together.	labels:I do not understand, how can you now have worked together with you colleagues?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our warehouse, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nYes. I am a part of a warehouse team.	labels:What is your duty as part of your team?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you fit well as a warehouse worker?\nI am a person who likes both variety and physical activity.	labels:Why are you the right person for us?
text:My previous experience makes me a good fit for this job.	labels:How can your previous experience be useful in a warehouse?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nThis question is hard and easy at the same time. I would like to answer all those times when I felt that I had made my patient's life even a little bit better. Fluffing their pillow slightly more than usual or making sure they are served their coffee the way they like it. I suppose that the small things together make the biggest difference for me.	labels:What is it that you feel in these moments exactly?
text:Well, I guess that I feel happy and content that I have been able to make an ill person's life just a tiny bit better.	labels:I see, and can you tell me about any other job related experience that has made you feel good?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a security guard. What makes you interested in this position?\nI am interested in becoming a security guard as I think it will fit me very well.	labels:Why do you think it will fit you well?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI think I am a good fit because I dealt with a lot of eating disorder cases before.	labels:What are the typical age group had you helped who were diagnosed with an eating disorder?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nDo you offer flexible working hours?	labels:Yes, we do.	episode_done:True
text:What makes you fit well as a nurse?\nI am newly trained as a nurse, and as a person I understand, have found it easy to make contact and am attentive to patients&#39; needs.	labels:What do you think is important to be able to make contact?
text:I think it is important that you are clear and that you speak in a way that is easy for the patient to understand.	labels:What can happen if the patient does not understand?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have a past job experience similar to this.	labels:What similarity does this job and your past job have?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWe had a project where we reorganized the entire warehouse last year. A lot of new things happened which made working more fun.	labels:And what kind of role did you have in this reorganization?
text:I was involved in part of the planning since I had worked there for quite a while.	labels:Did you get to make any decisions in the planning?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nTo work in the healthcare, helping others, is the most nobel typ work. That is what I like most about this job.	labels:I see. That is true. How about the stress and working hours related to this type of work? Is it something that you can cope with?
text:Yes, I can am very used to work with tight deadlines.	labels:Can you give me an example of a situation when you worked with a deadline?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nBaking is my passion.	labels:That sounds good. Could you expand on that?
text:Sure! I like to bake and I do it every week. I like to experiment with different recipes.	labels:How do you come up with a new recipy for baking?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nMy best experience is that I had the time to get my truck driver's license before they ended my employment. That meant a great deal to me.	labels:Can you tell me why this was so important for you?
text:Because they knew I would have a hard time finding job without a truck driver's license, and they valued me enough as a person to offer me that before they had to let me go.	labels:Why did they have to let you go?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a medical doctor, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI volunteered as an assistant for doctors without borders when I started medical school.	labels:Where did you volunteer?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nBeing a long-haul driver before, our employer allows us to rest every four hours of drive.	labels:How's your salary like on your past employer?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhen can I start?	labels:The position is open and we will hire as soon as we find the perfect fit.
text:I understand. When can I expect to get back from you?	labels:We will be in contact within a week.	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI haven't really been in the job market for long. I don't have a lot of experience.	labels:It doesn't have to be limited to work. Did you collaborate with your classmates in school?
text:Yes I did! We had group projects all the time.	labels:What role did you usually play when it came to the projects?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nI have always been a big fan of the clothes and accessories that you have.	labels:Is there anything in particular with our products that you like?
text:Well you have been a very popular store since I was a kid, and I have kind of grown up wearing your clothes.	labels:I see, and is that why you are applying for this job now?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you fit well as a car mechanic?\nIt is my lifelong experience and my personality.	labels:How can you describe your personality?
text:I am a very handy, thorough and solution-focused person.	labels:Can you develop the importance of being solution-focused?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nYes I think I would like to know what type of salary I could expect here.	labels:We will go forward with the salay discussion when all interviews are conducted and we have offered you the job.
text:Aha I see, so we wait a bit with that.	labels:Indeed, and that is if you will be offered the job at all. We have many applicants.	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI have loved cars since I was really little. It's fun to fix things, and then most of all cars	labels:How did you learn to repair cars?
text:I probably have an innate talent, and then I have practiced through life. And then I went to automotive engineering high school.	labels:What are your most important lessons from the time in high school?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nIn my past job, I cared for the elderly. I became friends with them.	labels:What do you think they befriended you?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI really value having a workplace that I look forward to going to, and in one of my previous workplaces I was good friends with everyone.	labels:How did being good friends with your colleagues change your attitude about going to work?
text:It made me glad to wake up and know that I would spend the entire day amongst friends, helping people with their cars and also getting paid for it. It was really the best of all worlds.	labels:Were there any complications due to you being such good friends with your colleagues?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nYes, I like to work with others.	labels:That's good, but could you clarify why you are good working with others?
text:Absolute. When I worked at the other bakery, we were a team of five people who worked together every day.	labels:I see, which role did you have on that team?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWhen I studied, we also had internships. I did a longer internship at a nursing home.	labels:Can you tell us more about what you were allowed to do at the nursing home?
text:I got to do most of what the others did. For example, hygiene, take blood pressure and apply wounds.	labels:Helping others with hygiene can be sensitive for some. How do you think about that?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI often do work with my friends who have a similar interest in repairing cars. We help each other and teach each other new skills.	labels:What kind of skills have you taught to others in those cases?
text:I am very good at welding so I often help my friends with welding.	labels:Do you have any formal training in terms of welding?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to get out of this job?\nAbout when will you decide who gets the job?	labels:Interesting question. We will decide that in about two weeks.
text:Then I expect a positive response from you.	labels:What fun that you take a positive view of this work.	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nYes, like I said before me and my dad would work on cars together.	labels:Have you worked with someone who is not your dad?
text:No, not really. When he is not working with me I usually work alone.	labels:Ok, how do you think that you would work together with someone else?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI like helping people, so when I worked as a nurse in the hospital I really felt that I made a difference in the world.	labels:What type of work did you do in the hospital?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nHow many days a week should I work?	labels:The job requires you to work for five days a week.	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWe received an assignment from a customer who was getting married the same day. With our ingenuity and high pace, we managed to deliver the pastries on time. They appreciated our efforts.	labels:Do you think that your ingenuity is a strength that you have?
text:Yes, at the same time I am stress resistant and can organize the work.	labels:In what situations do you become stressed and how do you become then?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a truck driver, it is good if you have experience of working with others. Can you tell us a little about such an experience?\nIt is important that the communication between us who drive and those who plan the rides works.	labels:What happens when communication does not work?
text:It is important that the planners understand what customers want, otherwise there is a great risk that the deliveries will be incorrect.	labels:Are you used to customer contacts?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nWhen I bake in my spare-time, I often do it together with a friend of mine so we co-operate together.	labels:How do you distribute the work between yourselves?
text:My friend mixes the ingredients and I handle the dough and make the final creations.	labels:Could you tell me more about what kind of creations you have done?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWell as I recently graduated I have not really had a real job before this.	labels:I see, I will rephrase my question then. What do you think you will value the most when working here?
text:Do you mean if I will value the company culture, the team work or the close contact with customers highest?	labels:Yes. What do you think you would value the most?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nIt's really unusual but I really enjoyed working at a fast food restaurant.	labels:What was special about the fast food place?
text:My co-workers were really great. They quickly turned into my close friends.	labels:Are you still in contact with these friends?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI started out fixing cars with my dad in our garage when I was a kid. He taught me the basics and I feel in love with the work.	labels:Your dad taught you the basics. Who taught you the more complex things about cars?
text:I learned from other mechanics. I once had a job as an intern in a car shop.	labels:What did you learn from your internship?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI don't have any previous jobs. I don't know.	labels:What do you think is a good workplace then?
text:Fun colleagues to work with.	labels:What makes colleagues fun to work with?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWhen the boutique lets us offer our customers free tea and sweets. I notice it uplifts customers' mood and they are more comfortable to buy.	labels:What do your customers usually buy?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nYes, do I get to drive the same truck all the time, or would I change?	labels:You would get you own truck. But we typically change trucks each fifth year.
text:Hopefully I will not work here for five years.	labels:That does not sounds like the attitude that we are looking for.	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nThere are several things that are interesting with the healthcare industry. I think that the money that can be made is what is most appealing to me.	labels:What do you think about helping other people?
text:That is important too.	labels:But you care more about making money than helping people?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you fit well as a truck driver?\nI have long work experience as a truck driver both in Sweden and in Europe, and my certificate of professional competence has recently been updated.	labels:What do you consider to be the most important requirements for coping with this work?
text:I think it is important that you can plan your work. You also need to know and follow the rules and instructions that apply to be able to do the job safely and efficiently. The truck is my workplace so it is important that it is safe and pleasant.	labels:What can you contribute to our company?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nYes, I am quite curious as how the working hours are here, as I understand that the pace is slightly lower here than in the main hospital.	labels:Indeed, the pace is slower here. We usually work 10 hour shifts in teams, starting at 7 in the morning. As this job does not include nighttime you do not have to worry about too late work hours.
text:I see, perfect! Do you have any final questions for me?	labels:No, I think I have asked you all questions that I had. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nYes, what are the work hours?	labels:You would begin at five o'clock in the morning and end at three o'clock in the afternoon.
text:Ok, that sounds like an early start.	labels:Yes but we need to make sure that the bread is ready for the early costumers.	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nIt's interesting to keep the store always neat and organized. Eye pleasing to the customers.	labels:What store duties have you done before?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nHow long are the work days?	labels:You start at eight in the morning and finish at half past four in the afternoon. Would you like to ask anything else?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI just love driving and everything that comes with the job!	labels:Ok! You sound like a great fit for the position!
text:Thanks! I hope to hear from you soon!	labels:We'll get back to you as soon as we can!	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a truck driver. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nI love to be on the road and I like the freedom this job provides.	labels:It is a freedom that comes with responsibility. Are you able to handle responsibility by yourself?
text:Yes, I have a strong work ethic. I work hard and I am always on time.	labels:Being on time is important in this job. Are you used to work with tight work schedules?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nAm I going to work on a contract basis?	labels:Yes. You will sign-up for at least one year of the work contract agreement.	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nI wonder what the pay is?	labels:We pay 25.000 SEK each month. If you work overtime, you will get compensated for that as well.	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work at our cargo company, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI usually drive trucks alone but I interact with people who receive the orders.	labels:What does a usual conversation like between you and the people who receive orders?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you suitable as a cashier?\nI am service-oriented and have found it easy to work in teams.	labels:In what way would you describe that you are service-oriented?
text:I help customers with the products that best suit their needs.	labels:How do you come up with a product that suits their needs?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI really like to help people, it makes me happy.	labels:Is there anything else you like about this job?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI like to work on administrative tasks in inventory controls.	labels:Do you have experience doing inventory work on a computer or manually?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have worked as a cashier in a grocery store.	labels:And how to you think that experience relates to working in retail?
text:I have to handle customers, and I have to be nice to them.	labels:Are you good at handeling customers?	episode_done:True
text:How long have you worked as a bartender for?\nI have worked as a bartender for 3 years.	labels:Have you got experience working any different jobs?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a mail man, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI often organise parties in my neighbourhood. We are often 3 to 4 people who plan everything from the food to the music.	labels:What is your role in those planning sessions?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nCan you come up with suggestions for your own recipes?	labels:You can definitely do that, but it&#39;s always good if you ask first.
text:Yes, of course. Do you also work at night until Monday?	labels:Yes, we do. Are you used to it before?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI like helping other people and making a difference for them.	labels:In what way can you make a difference for them?
text:By being there when they are having a hard time and not feeling well. I can make it easier for them in many different ways.	labels:Can you tell us about some of the different ways?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nYes, when working in retail before I had some wonderful colleagues.	labels:Did you always work together or did you also work alone sometimes?
text:We usually worked in pairs.	labels:How did you like that?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI am very effective in my work and I work hard.	labels:Could you give an example from a previous job where you have been effective?
text:I was very effective in terms of re-organizing the bed department at IKEA. I did it all in two weeks.	labels:What was your role when it came to re-organizing that department?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI liked to work as a nurse assistance.	labels:Why did you like it?
text:I learned a lot, and I liked to work with patients.	labels:Who did you like your collegues?	episode_done:True
text:What have you worked with previously?\nI have previously worked as a cleaner for 2 years and I have worked in a warehouse for 5 years.	labels:Great, what do you enjoy about working as a cleaner?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI love building and picking apart things. Thats why I became a car mechanic in the first place!	labels:So you like working with your hands?
text:Yes, ever since I was a child I have always enjoyed working with my hands.	labels:What is your favotire car to work with?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI keep myself presentable at all times and I make sure that customers feel comfortable with me.	labels:Why do you think looking presentable is important as a retail worker?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWhen I worked in the store, I enjoyed being out in the warehouse the best. I like order and order.	labels:Tell us more about how you did to keep order and find out the stock in the store
text:When it was fresh produce, I always made sure that the oldest was first so it was picked first. I also want it to be clean and tidy.	labels:Why is it important to you that it is clean and tidy?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have a lot of car experience.	labels:Could you describe in what way?
text:I drive my car almost everyday, and I like to work on my car in my spare time.	labels:What type of work do you do with your car?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have taken truck drivning lessons since I was 16 years old.	labels:Do you still take lessons?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI like cars. And I would like to learn more about car repairments.	labels:I see. Do you have any previous experience of working with cars or car repairment?
text:Yes, I have some experience.	labels:Could you prehaps expand on that?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhat are your expectations of the person you are hiring?	labels:We expect the person we hire to be able to lift both bowls and flour bags with heavy lifting. It is a physical job that can be strenuous for the knees, shoulders and back.
text:I do strength training in my spare time so heavy lifting is not a problem for me. What is the next step in the interview process?	labels:On Friday, you will be notified if you have moved on to the next step in this recruitment.	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a police officer, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI worked in an office when I was 20. We did projects together all the time.	labels:What kind of projects did you do?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI am determined to work with patients and to give them the best care that I could possibly give.	labels:That sounds good. Is threre anything else that would make you suitbale for working with patients?
text:I did not really understand, could you repeat that?	labels:Sure, Is threre anything else that would make you suitbale for working with patients?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nDoes this job come with a lot of team work?	labels:Yes it does, we usually work in pairs in this workplace to avoid work related accidents. Trucks are dangerous and even more so when dealing with heavy load.
text:Oh, working in pairs should be fine. I am mostly new to working in bigger teams.	labels:I see, have you worked a lot in pairs before?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI am strong, able to work under stress, and as I have already mentioned, I am a person who takes responsibility at work	labels:How do you cope with the stress of work?
text:It is important to plan and prioritize. To always first do what is most important. Then it's good if my boss helps sometimes and tells me what&#39;s most important.	labels:Tell us more about how you think a good manager should be	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI liked my job as a kindergarden teacher.	labels:What made that job so good?
text:I liked my colleagues and the atmosphere.	labels:Did you do anything outside work with you colleagues?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nI like to assist customers and save their time finding what they want.	labels:Do you like chatting with customers?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI've had my liscense for over 20 year and I'm a good driver.	labels:Have you gotten any tickets for speeding, or just tickets in general in these 20 years as a driver?
text:I think I got like one speeding ticket when I was younger.	labels:How old were you when you got the ticket?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work at our cargo company, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI used to be a taxi driver not to long ago, so I'm used to interacting with people while I'm driving.	labels:The key difference between a taxi and a truck is that there are no passengers in a truck. How do you feel about that?
text:I've become more of an introvert these last couple of years so like I mentioned before minimal interaction would not be a problem for me.	labels:How do you feel about the fact that you would have to communicate with other employees?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nMy 3 years at the car workshop in Syria. There I learned a lot about the data boxes that are in all modern cars.	labels:Tell me more, what did you learn about it?
text:How to use them and troubleshoot using the computer. There is a lot of chip and digital in a car today.	labels:It includes some administration with a computer at work as well. Do you have experience of that too?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have a good medical record and also have similar job experience in the past.	labels:How many years have you done a similar job like this?	episode_done:True
text:What is your experience with working with sales?\nI have worked in a fashion store selling clothes. I was responsible for opening and closing the store as well as the cashier. When I was younger, I also worked with telemarketing.	labels:For how long did you work with telemarketing?
text:3 months	labels:What did you learn by working with telemarketing?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nWhen I worked as a medical receptionist, I had a team of colleagues and we had a great collaboration.	labels:What did you collaborate about with your colleagues?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you fit well as a construction worker?\nI like details, and I am quite strong.	labels:Do you have any other characteristics that would be suitable for the job?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI like cars a lot but I want to focus on working with electric cars.	labels:Why do you like to work on electric cars?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nDo you get a lot of costumers?	labels:We do. We sell our products both directly to costumers and to different local stores.
text:What kind of products do you usually sell?	labels:We mostly sell bread and cookies.	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nYes! I'd like to know about the work hours.	labels:The work hours are quite flexible, since people need help around the clock.
text:That's understandable. Does the salary differ depending on if I work the day or the nightshift?	labels:Yes, there is usually a compensation for working the nightshift.	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nDo you offer on-the-job training?	labels:Yes. We will train you basic things about the shop regardless of your experience in the past.	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI worked as a chef and I loved to create food as my job.	labels:What do you find important in terms of working in the food industry?
text:Food is a crucial part of being a human both physically and socially. I like to be a part of that.	labels:How do you think you can implement the social part of eating in terms of being a baker?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nThis is my first job so I don't really have that experience.	labels:Okay I understand, but maybe you've worked with others in your spare time?
text:I have worked with my brother when we repaired a car.	labels:And how did that go working with your brother?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have worked as a baker for 3 years.	labels:Sounds like you have some good experience?
text:Yeah, I would consider myself an experienced baker.	labels:Have you ever worked in a bakery like this before?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI specialize in Cake Decorating and Pastry Design.	labels:Do you have on-the-job experience in that specialization?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nNo I do not think so.	labels:Great, we will let you know as soon as we have interviewed the other candidates as well.	episode_done:True
text:How do you cope with working under stress?\nI am fine with that. I am used to working under stress.	labels:Great. Could you give me an example of a job you have had where you had to handle stress?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI really like working at the gym.	labels:Ok, why did you like to work at the gym?
text:Because I got to work out each day.	labels:How many times do you work out each week?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as teacher. What do you think seems fun about this job?\nI really love teaching kids. I gives me joy each morning when I go to work.	labels:What are the school subjects that you have taught the most?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a bartender. Why have you applied for this job?\nI have applied for this job because I have heard it is a nice place to work at.	labels:Do you know anyone who has worked here previously?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have both the education and the capabilities needed for this job.	labels:Could you name an important capability that you believe is helpful in healthcare?
text:Of course! I think that my ability to connect with the patients and make them feel comfortable is very valuable.	labels:It is indeed valuable. Do you have any other qualities that make you suitable for this position?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nFirst and foremost I like working with taking case of people, and I think that this workplace seems very modern compared to others.	labels:I see, what is it that you this seems more modern?
text:I saw that you have the new computer system in place and that you use electronic devices for locking and unlocking the patients' doors.	labels:Yes, the new computer system has proven to be valuable for us.	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have worked as a car mechanic for 10 years. Me and my girlfriend want to move in together and I need a new job in the city.	labels:I understand! Do you enjoy working with cars?
text:Yes, I own 3 cars which I usually work on in my spare time.	labels:Do you have taken any official tests to become a car mechanic?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nDoing what I love the most, which is cake decorating.	labels:Did you study cake decorating?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to get out of this job?\nIf I get the job, when can I start?	labels:The information about who gets the job will come in about two weeks.
text:I can start immediately and have no requirements regarding working hours.	labels:Which working hours do you prefer the most?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nIn my first job as a manager I got to work with great people.	labels:What did you do in your mangement role?
text:I lead a team of trucks drivers. It was a lot of planning routes.	labels:How many people where there in the team?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nThere are several things that are interesting with the healthcare industry. I think that the money that can be made is what is most appealing to me.	labels:What do you think about helping other people?
text:That is important too.	labels:But you care more about making money than helping people?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI had been a part of the production team in a cafe before. We are composed of three production bakers.	labels:What is your main task as a part of that team?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a truck driver. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nDriving big trucks.	labels:Our trucks are quite small, what do you think about that?
text:I would like to drive big trucks, but small trucks are fine as well.	labels:What is the biggest truck that you have driven before?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our warehouse, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little about if you have such experience?\nI have some experience with working with others, as I have been working in warehouses since I started working. My favourite part of it is the lunch company I think.	labels:Can you tell me more about why the lunch is your favourite part?
text:It is the time of day when you can get a little bit of rest and catch up with your colleagues about the different tasks or happenings that day.	labels:I see. Can you tell me about any other occasions when you valued working with a team of colleagues?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI really liked when I did volunteer work.	labels:That sounds interesting. Where did you do you volunteer work?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nThat I am always alert, that I come up with new ideas and that people can trust me	labels:Tell us more about how to be trusted?
text:If I&#39;re told to do something, I&#39;m always doing it. It is important for me to take responsibility.	labels:If you have a co-worker who does not take responsibility, what do you do then?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhen do you need to fill this position? When would you need me to start if I get the job?	labels:We were thinking in two months time. Just before the summer season starts. Would that work for you?
text:Yes it would work for me.	labels:Perfect. Any other questions?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little about if you have such experience?\nI have a lot of experience from group projects in school, where we often work together to solve a problem or create a report or hand-in.	labels:How large are these groups when working on school projects?
text:We are usually up to about four people.	labels:Which type of role do you usually take in these groups?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you fit well as a baby sitter?\nI enjoy to play, epescially to lay puzzles.	labels:Do you have any younger siblings that you have taken care of before?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nYes, I'm interested in knowing if you do repairs on vehicles other than cars?	labels:We do in fact to repairs on motorcycles as well as vans and trucks.
text:That's good to know. I think that's all.	labels:Are you certain you don't have any more questions?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI love baking. It's my passion, and I would love to learn more!	labels:What do you want to learn specifically?
text:To learn more types of bread.	labels:What types do you already know?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nCan I drive my taxi car with me in the evening?	labels:We do not allow our employees to bring home their cars in the evening. Is there anything else you would like to know?
text:Do you give me a uniform for my shifts?	labels:Yes.	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI love lifting crates.	labels:Could you be more specific?
text:Yes! I see lifting crates as a free workout.	labels:Do you like to workout?	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any questions about this job?\nYes, how many customers does a taxi driver get per day?	labels:It depends on the day and time of day. But between 15-20 customers per day.	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI had a very good boss when I started my last job.	labels:What made this boss good in your opinion?
text:She taught me a lot and it was my first work experience. I was very nervous but she made me feel very included and helped me.	labels:What was the most important thing she taught you?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhat different working hours do you have?	labels:For this job, you need to be able to work both evenings and weekends. Does it work for you?
text:Yes, there are no problems. I think it is good with varying working hours. Do you work every other weekend, or?	labels:Yes, that's right. You can sometimes choose evening or day shifts. Which do you prefer?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work at our cargo company, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nYes, I have had many jobs where I worked with different people.	labels:That sounds intersting, could you elaborate?
text:Sure. In my first job, I worked in a team with six other people. We would communicate on a day by day basis.	labels:What did you think about working in a team with other people?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWorking in a shop is my life story. I do not know anything else.	labels:What specifically do you like by working in a shop?
text:To see how customers spend their money, that is so interesting.	labels:Ok, that sounds reasonable.	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI like to decorate cakes and pastries.	labels:What cakes and pastries have you decorated before?	episode_done:True
text:Can you tell me about what type of relations you usually have with your colleagues?\nI like working with them and I often have fun with them as well, but normally only during work time. I don't meet them much on my free time.	labels:I see, having fun at work is very important. Do you have any examples of how you maintain good relations with your colleagues?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have a lot of experience in the field and have worked on a lot of different projects.	labels:Interesting, what projects have you worked on before?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a truck driver. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nThe job doesn't require a lot of interactions. I like the alone time when I'm driving.	labels:What makes you say that?
text:Being alone and listening to music while driving along the highway is peaceful in my opinion.	labels:What kind of music do you listen to while driving?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have a long experience of driving.	labels:How long?
text:I started driving trucks professionally 13 years ago.	labels:What company did you work for then?	episode_done:True
text:This position requires you to work in a team of carpenters, have you got any experience with working in a team before?\nYes, I have worked with teams of carpenters before.	labels:Do you prefer working in a team than working alone?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI think it is interesting to learn new baking skills.	labels:What baking skills do you already have?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI think one of the most fascinating parts of being a healthcare worker is the fact that there are so many different areas of expertise.	labels:I definitely agree. What area of expertise are you interested in?
text:If I could choose one I would probably have to say elderly care.	labels:What is it you find yourself intrigued by when it comes to elderly care?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nIs there a way to advance in my career at this job?	labels:Yes, at this position you are able to apply to become a senior worker after 3 years.
text:Do you have any internal training and certification in the medical field?	labels:We strongly believe in growth through learning and offer high class internal training to our workers every year.	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI don't know, it is hard to tell. There is not necessarily only one thing that I have enjoyed more than anything else.	labels:But if you had to choose one thing, what would it be?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI had a great job when I lived in Stockholm temporarily. It was an organizational project where I got to reorganise an entire store and change the interior design.	labels:How long did you work there?
text:It was only a six month project employment. I moved there with my partner because she had a temporary project there as well.	labels:And when did you move back here?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nDo you work with all car brands?	labels:Yes, we really do. But what we work with the most are Volvo and Renault. Which brands do you have the most experience with?
text:Mercedes and Audi, but also a lot of experience with Volvo, and a bit with Renault.	labels:In addition to repairing cars, we work a lot with servicing cars. What do you think of that part of the work?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI really like working with cars and I have always been the type of person to open up and look and try to fix broken machinery.	labels:What is it that interests you with the machinery?
text:I think that I see a car as a big puzzle that needs to be solved and I just really like solving problems, or puzzles.	labels:I understand. Do you think that there is any specific reason that you prefer cars to other types of problem solving?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhat are the working hours?	labels:The working hours begins at 4 AM to 2 PM including two 1-hour breaks.	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work at our cargo company, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nYes. I have a codriver working with me where we exchange shifts during more than eight-hour-long drives.	labels:Are you comfortable working with a codriver?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you fit well as a taxi driver?\nI love to drive, and I like to talk to people. I am also very good at remebering street names.	labels:Are you a good driver?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI have not had any other job before.	labels:Ok, are you still in school then?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI worked as a warehouse assistant before for three years.	labels:What kind of warehouse had you worked in before?	episode_done:True
text:Are you able to work weekends?\nYes, I am able to work weekends.	labels:Good, this position is for weekends only. Does this work for you?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI am a trustworthy person. I also have experience in stock management as well as assisting customers at checkout.	labels:What kind of retail stocks have you managed before?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhat products do you have in ou warehouse?	labels:We package coffee and coco beans.	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nWhen I worked as a cashier, I would work with several other people.	labels:And how did you like that.
text:I thought that it was fun.	labels:Did you get along well with your coworkers?	episode_done:True
text:What made you apply to this particular job?\nI always liked to work with sales as I consider myself good at dealing with people.	labels:Great. Tell me more about your experience of working with sales and people relations.
text:I worked for 5 years at an Office Supply company with internal and external sales.	labels:What were your responsibilites at this company?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you fit well as a baker?\nI am a trained baker with a passed professional test, and want to continue to develop in my professional role.	labels:In what way do you want to develop as a baker?
text:My goal is to do the master&#39;s test in five years. It is a proof of professionalism that is handed out by the Swedish Crafts Council.	labels:What do you need to develop to achieve your goal?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nYes, I worked as a nurse assistance when I was 20 years.	labels:Could you describe what your day looked like when you where working as a nurse assistance?
text:I would help the nurse with her patients. Bring them tools and bring food to the patient.	labels:Where you allowed to do any care work with the patient?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nI would like to know have many weeks of vaccation that I get each year?	labels:The standard is to get five weeks.
text:That sounds reasonable. How many people work at this company?	labels:There are currently twentyfive people employed here.	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nDo you only use organic products?	labels:We use both organic products and non-organic products. Is it important to you to only use organic products?
text:I prefer making 100% organic bread and pastry but I am fine with using non-organic ingredients if necessary.	labels:What kind of bread and pastry are you best at making?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWhen I worked as a mailman. I got a lot of exercise during my work day.	labels:How was your work as a mailman?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work at our cargo company, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI have usually get a long well with other people.	labels:That is nice, but do you have any experience working with other people?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI liked my apprenticeship.	labels:What made it good?
text:I developed as a car mechanic.	labels:Could you describe in what way?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have several years of experience in terms of sales and retail.	labels:Could you tell me more about how that experience can be useful in this job?
text:I worked in a grocery store for many years and I always had a positive attitude towards the customers, it made them return.	labels:A positive attitude is always good. Do you have any other skills that would be beneficial to this job?	episode_done:True
text:What did your last employer like most about you?\nThey liked that I was very organized in my work, positive, and reliable.	labels:Do you take pride in being organized in your work?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI really liked my apprenticeship. I learned a lot.	labels:What have you had the most use for that you learned during you apprenticeship?
text:How to make a great Pavlova.	labels:Do you make it often?	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any questions about the job?\nNot really, I am very interested to get started!	labels:Great, we will get in touch once we have interviewed all the applicants.	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWhen I worked at a restaurant. I loved cooking and coming up with new recipes.	labels:Did you come up with any recipes from scratch?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nThere's a lot of oppurtunities to interact with people.	labels:It sounds like you're a people person. Would you agree with that statement?
text:Absolutely, I've always loved helping others.	labels:Have you had any other jobs where you got to interact with costumers?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you fit well as a manager?\nI believe that I have a good overview of things and I think that I can get the best out of employees.	labels:Do you have any management skills?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nHow long are the work shifts?	labels:You will work for 9 hours.
text:Ok! But I am free on weekends?	labels:Yes, the workdays are between monday and friday.	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI have no job in the past.	labels:Oh okay. Did you just graduate?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nYes. I worked with a team of people who needs to monitor the daily eating habits of our patients.	labels:Sounds great. What important part do they contribute to you as a therapist?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as an engineer, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI have been working in several open source coding projects, where multiple programmers have to work together to get the code to run efficient.	labels:I see, so what type of open source projects have you worked on?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little about if you have such experience?\nWell I usually do my own race, but I think I can work with others if I have to.	labels:Do you have any examples of how it has gone when you have worked with others?
text:Not without thinking first.	labels:I see. I can give you a couple of minutes of thinking.	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nYes. For one vehicle , we are usually working with a team of two to three people.	labels:How many days does it usually take for one vehicle repair to finish?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI am involved in a volunteer project in my neighbourhood where I work together with twenty other parents in order to improve the social situation in the neighbourhood.	labels:In this project, do you have a leader position?
text:I am not a formal leader but I know my peers look up to me and seek advice for how to solve problems.	labels:Would you be interested in a leader position at the company, if that would be available in the future?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nThe best thing was to mecca with a Ferrari F430 and solve problems on a supercar.	labels:What do you do when you solve problems?
text:I love challenges. Then I get to work systematically at the same time as I develop along the way.	labels:How do you develop in your work?	episode_done:True
text:Whats your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI worked with a nice manager in my second job. It was great.	labels:What made your manager nice to work with?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhat shifts are currently available right now?	labels:We have morning shifts and night shifts available.	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a warehouse worker, it is good if you have experience of working with others. Can you tell us a little about such an experience?\nI have no work experience, but I have played football since I was eight years old. In the team we have a good collaboration.	labels:In what way does the good cooperation turn out?
text:When there is a good atmosphere in the team and the matches go well.	labels:What do you do to create a good atmosphere in the team?	episode_done:True
text:Do you have a drivers licence?\nYes, I have a drivers licence.	labels:How long have you had your drivers licence?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI am very interested in machines and problem solving.	labels:Do you have experience in terms of problem solving from other jobs?
text:Yes, I was a mechanic at a factory before and constantly had to find solutions to difficult problems.	labels:What kind of factory did you do this type of job at?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI think that I have what it takes to make this work.	labels:Could you perhaps explain a bit more in detail?
text:I am determined to be the best car mechanic ever.	labels:You have not really answered my question. What makes you suitable for this position?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nI wonder what you think is the best thing about working here.	labels:What I think is the best thing about working here is the job security, the community and that we as employees are given the responsibility to handle the job professionally.
text:What are your expectations of the person you are hiring?	labels:We expect our employees to be responsible, organized and follow the rules and instructions that apply to both the driver and the goods are transported safely.	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nJust working with baking beautiful cakes.	labels:You really like cake a lot don't you?
text:Yeah, it's my passion to bake cakes.	labels:What is your favorite recipe?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI am a good fit because I am young, enthusiastic and I think I can relate with your new customer base.	labels:Why do you think you can relate with our new customer base?
text:Because I am the type of person that you market yourselves to. That means that I think that I can sell more products.	labels:Can you give an example how you think you can achieve that?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nYes. I am working directly with the car owners so they can describe their problematic encounters to me.	labels:How many car owners do you interview a day?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit as a car mechanic?\nI am very good at fixing cars.	labels:What kind of cars have you worked with?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nYes, my previous workplace had 4 employees. We got along really well.	labels:Great! Did you work in teams together on the cars or usually on your own?
text:Usually on our own, but we always had lunch breaks together.	labels:Did you do anything after work together?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI have always worked with my father on various cars. We like to discuss all things related to cars.	labels:Is you father a car mechanic as well?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhat's the salary?	labels:It's 150 per hour. Anything else?
text:And when does it start?	labels:We want someone to start in two weeks. Would that work for you?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as janitor. What do you think seems fun about this job?\nI like when things are clean, and I enjoy doing physical work.	labels:Have you worked as a janitor before?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI'm good at what I do, since I've had a lot of practice.	labels:So you have experience! Can you tell me a little about your earlier practice?
text:Yes! I've worked on both cars and motorcycles, as well as trucks, but I'm mainly a car mechanic.	labels:Do you have experience with the newer versions of electric cars?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a truck driver. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nI have good driving skills.	labels:When did you first learn how to drive trucks?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI like working physically and driving a forklift is fun.	labels:And do you have a forklift license?
text:Yes I have a forklift license.	labels:Good. For how long have you had your forklift license?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWhen I worked at a local cafe, I had great colleagues.	labels:What did you do at the cafe?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to get out of this job?\nDo you work alone or in a group?	labels:What do you prefer yourself?
text:I prefer to work alone but enjoy sharing a workshop with other car mechanics.	labels:How can you collaborate with other car mechanics?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWhen I was a student, I worked with the local student union.	labels:How do you think that this relates to this position?
text:I am used to collaborate with other people.	labels:Thank you for your answer.	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhat perks do you offer for your workers?	labels:Some of our perks include a twenty percent discount on our items and monthly gift cards when you hit a required sale mark.	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have some previous experience working with sick people.	labels:Could you give an example?
text:I have experience working small children, and sometimes they would get sick.	labels:But have you worked in the healthcare industry before?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nIn my previous job, I transported general cargo both shorter and longer distances.	labels:Do you prefer to drive shorter or longer distances at work?
text:I like to drive both longer and shorter distances to deliver goods. The advantage of the shorter distances is that I come home to the family in the evenings.	labels:You have family. What does your free time look like?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nThe best thing about working as a nurse is the variety of tasks.	labels:In what way are the tasks varied?
text:I constantly meet new people and I am constantly learning new things.	labels:Can you give some examples of things you have learned?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have worked as a truck driver for 5 years and love it!	labels:Ok! You have some good experience that will come of use. Do you like the occupation?
text:Yeah, I was born for this!	labels:have you had any other job besides truck driving?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a truck driver. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nI like driving long roads.	labels:How long did you drive on a day on your past job? (if any)	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI used to do a lot of group assignments when I went to school. I always favored group assignments to working alone.	labels:Why do you think that is? Why do you prefer working with others instead of alone?
text:I like being able to consult with my co-workers and help them when it is needed.	labels:You mention consulting with co-workers. How capable are you of decison making without supervision?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI have always liked to get to know my collegues. It is so much fun to talk to new people.	labels:Are there any old collegues that you are still friends with?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nThe customers who appreciate the work and service, and who return when they need help.	labels:What is it that makes customers return to you?
text:I am service-oriented and do not give up. As a car mechanic, one of the tasks is to find the fault and solve it.	labels:What do you think is required to become a good car mechanic?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nTheir trucks are always in good condition and undergo regular maintenance.	labels:What brand manufacturer of trucks had you driven before?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have a license for truck driving as well as on-the-job past truck driving experience before.	labels:How long did you do truck driving on your past employer?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our warehouse, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nAt my last work place I worked together with a couple of others. In some tasks we were required to be several people for safety.	labels:And do you think you are good at working with others?
text:Yes I think so.	labels:Can you give an example of when it was difficult to work with someone?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nAm I going to work on outpatients or admitted patients?	labels:You have a choice to choose between treating outpatients or admitted ones. You can also do both.	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nBasically, I think that helping people is very meaningful.	labels:What about it is meaningful?
text:Helping people makes me feel important and it gives me a purpose in life to feel that I'm doing something good.	labels:Okay I understand.	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI worked directly with our car service manager on a daily basis.	labels:How do you cooperate with your manager?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for a position in customer support. What kind of skills do you have that make you a good fit?\nI am very friendly with people and like to make customers satisfied.	labels:How do you make customers satisfied?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nHow often will I have to work on weekends?	labels:Our employees work in shifts. But generally every other weekend you will have to work.
text:Ok! No problems. How long are the work days?	labels:You will be required to work 8-9 hours during your shifts.	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI am physically fit to perform the job well.	labels:How did you perform your job effectively?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWhen I did volunteer work for malnourished children in Asia.	labels:What job role have you played while working there?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our warehouse, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI do not have any experience like that. I have been self-employed my whole life.	labels:Did you have any other interactions with people when you were self-employed?
text:I had a lot of customer interaction in that job.	labels:What do you find is the most imoportant in terms of interacting with a customer?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI am social, positive and almost always happy	labels:How do you almost always stay happy?
text:It&#39;s probably because I&#39;m basically positive, then everything&#39;s more fun. I&#39;m going to be at work 8-9 hours a day, then it might as well be fun	labels:Tell us what happened during the day when it was an extra fun day at work	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI love to bake and I bake as much as I can in my spare-time.	labels:What kind of baking do you do in your spare-time, cakes or bread?
text:I mostly make different types of cakes. Cakes are my speciality.	labels:Are you used to making custom design cakes?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nHow long will I be working on shifts?	labels:You will be working for 10 days and then you will be off for 5 days.
text:I understand! That sounds good to me!	labels:Is there anything else that you would like to ask?	episode_done:True
text:How do you handle stressful situations in your work?\nI have a lot of experience with stressful situations and I can handle them well.	labels:Ok, can you give any examples of a stressful situation and how you handled it?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nIn the grocery store I worked I worked in a small group with three other co-workers.	labels:What was your role in this small group?
text:I worked with putting groceries on the shelf so I needed to be in close contact with the warehouse to alert them if we were running out of supply.	labels:Being aware of the warehouse status is always important. How did you solve this in your previous job?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI loved working as a dog walker when I was younger.	labels:Why was that one of your favorite experiences?
text:I simply adore dogs. They're my favorite animal and working with them was a dream come true.	labels:Do you own a dog yourself?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhen will the job start?	labels:The job starts on June 15, 2021.	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nThe best experiences are part of the conversations and appreciation of the patients.	labels:How are you affected by those conversations and the appreciation of the patients?
text:It gives me both energy and joy to develop in my work.	labels:How do you develop in your work?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nYes! What are the work hours?	labels:You are expected to work eight hours each day between Monday and Friday.
text:Can I choose when I show up to work?	labels:No you cannot. You need to be here at the lastest at eight in the morning.	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI drove both truck and bus in my home country and since I came to Sweden I have taken a C driving license.	labels:Have you worked in Sweden since you took your Swedish C driving license?
text:Yes, I had a holiday temporary job last summer and drove bread to grocery stores throughout Skne.	labels:Can you imagine driving a truck to Stockholm and Gothenburg as well?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a truck driver. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nI like to drive trucks. I like the solitude.	labels:Okay and for how long ahve you had your truck license?
text:Fifteen years now.	labels:Why are you looking for new work?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI like contributing to our community by being part of the healthcare industry.	labels:How long have you been in the healthcare industry?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nMy best experience is when the company I worked for in the past arranges team building every year.	labels:What did you like about team building?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nI do. First I would like to know when the starting date is?	labels:It is as soon as possible, we have no date set yet but are planning to start our new recruits on their trainee period as soon as possible.
text:Perfect. I also wonder how many are working in the store at a time?	labels:Normally we have five persons working at the same time, as this is not such a big store.	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nOnce a costumer came in with a Ferrari. I was very excited to work on such an excellent car.	labels:Have you gotten the chance to work on a lot of high status cars, other than the Ferrari?
text:I've only worked on those types of cars a handful of times.	labels:Are you more careful with the repairs, knowing that the cars in valuable?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI am also a mother. I know what new moms would like to buy in our store.	labels:How many children do you have?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have a strong work ethic and I always make sure the goods are delivered on time.	labels:A strong work ethic is very good. Could you give an example from a previous job when you have shown a strong work ethic?
text:I used to work as a taxi driver and my main focus was always the customer no matter what.	labels:Focusing on the customer is important in this job as well. Have you worked directly with the customer in other jobs?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nYes I would like to know the working hours, I think bakers usually start working early in the morning?	labels:Indeed, our morning shifts are from 04:30 until 09:00.
text:Are there any other shifts that are relevant for this position?	labels:Not that we had planned, but we are open to discuss it.	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a truck driver. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nI like being on the road, getting to see new places.	labels:I understand. You will get to drive all across Europe if you get hired for this position.
text:Awesome! I really enjoy the freedom of driving across the world.	labels:Are you able to drive for many hours straight?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI am fast and at the same time accurate and I like to find new recipes.	labels:Tell us about your favorite recipes
text:I love to bake bread, preferably with fruit and nuts in. But I also like to bake cakes.	labels:How did you learn to bake?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhat are the overtime compensations?	labels:Overtime is compensated with 120% of your regular salary. Do you have any other questions?
text:Is that the standard in the industry?	labels:Yes it is.	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience of working with others. Can you tell us a little about such an experience?\nI have experience of working at a small bakery. There were two of us who started early in the morning and were responsible for baking as much as possible until the store opened.	labels:That is a big responsibility. What do you think are the most important requirements to be able to handle this work?
text:The most important requirements, in addition to creativity, are that you are alert in the morning, can manage to have several tasks in progress and that you are strong.	labels:Can you tell us more about why it is important to be alert and strong in the morning?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nI wonder what a normal work week at work would look like for me.	labels:During the week we follow a rotation schedule. This means that, for example, you work with goods receipt one day and work with order picking on day two.
text:I hope it has emerged that I am very interested in the service and the company. What happens next?	labels:What is happening now is that we will meet three more candidates. Then we will contact you with a message.	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI know a lot about cars and I am fast to find what's wrong with a car.	labels:How have you learnt what you know?
text:Mostly from working on my own cars, and from my dad.	labels:Do you have any sort of education?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nIt would probably be the learning experience from working in kindergarden and being surrounded with kids.	labels:What did you learn by being around the children?
text:Kindergarden taught me how different everyone is. I needed to learn how to adapt to each and every one of the kids.	labels:Do you think you can apply your ability to adapt into a career in healthcare?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nYes, I would like to know when I will start working in the morning?	labels:All shifts start a 7, and you finnish as 4 in the afternoon.
text:That would work with my current schedule.	labels:Is there anything else that you would like to ask?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a car mechanic. What do you think seems fun about this job?\nMy love for cars makes this work a dream job.	labels:What does a delay job mean for you?
text:That I can work in a car workshop and take care of different cars.	labels:What does it mean for you to take care of cars?	episode_done:True
text:Can you tell me about what you know about this company and our products?\nOf course. I know that you are a big restaurant franchise and that your food is very popular. Everyone I know have heard about you and loves your food.	labels:Thank you. Is there any other specific reason that makes you apply for a job here?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work at our cargo company, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI worked in a restaurant before and I relied much on co-operation with my coworkers. Co-operation is important to me.	labels:Co-operation is always important even if a truck driver spend much on his or her time alone in the truck. Are you ok with spending much time alone?
text:Yes, I like to be by myself on the road.	labels:Is there anything else you like about this job?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI am a very organized person. I like a task that requires me to work on catalogs.	labels:What tasks did you perform in your past employment?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI really take pride in working efficiently and with clearly set goals. When I get an assignment I finish it as quickly and as well done as I possibly can.	labels:Can you give an example of tasks that you particularly enjoy and feel that you can work efficiently with?
text:Of course. Anything that has to do with restocking I take great joy in, as old things are being sent out and new things introduced. I like it when new things are neatly stacked and in order.	labels:I see, restocking is a frequent and time consuming task. Are there any other tasks that you enjoy?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nAside from baking pastries, what other tasks should I expect to take over?	labels:Some other tasks that you can potentially take over include mentoring your acquaintances.	episode_done:True
text:What makes you fit well as a chasier?\nI am friendly, I like to help people and I am quick at making simple calculations.	labels:Is there anything related to being a chasier that you are not so good at?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI think I am a good fit because I am a local and know how to communicate with patients using our language effectively.	labels:If there will be foreign visitors in our clinic, do you also know how to speak the English language fluently?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI think that I have what it takes to make this work.	labels:That is great. Could you perhaps explain a bit more in detail?
text:I am determined to be the best car mechanic ever.	labels:You have not really answered my question. What makes you suitable for this position?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI always liked to learn more. I believe it is very important to improve in your career.	labels:What do you hope to learn in this job?
text:I am curious to learn more how to drive the new trucks and the systems you use.	labels:You will have plenty of training. Do you have any relevant training certificates already?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nOur patients feel comfortable with me as they say I was friendly and easy to talk to.	labels:What type of patients have you dealt with before?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work at our cargo company, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nNo, I have mostly worked myself and received my information directly from the boss.	labels:How do you think your latest boss would describe you?
text:That I am loyal and do what I should. Keep times and that I&#39;m afraid of the truck I drive.	labels:Tell me more, what does it mean that you are afraid of the truck?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI once had the oppurtunity to work as a pizza baker. I learned a lot about different types of ovens.	labels:What makes it your favorite experience other than that you learned about ovens?
text:It was one of the first times I got to encounter such positive costumers.	labels:Did you ever have to handle situations where the costumers weren't very nice? Rude even?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI liked to manage the time reports in previous jobs.	labels:Do you see yourself as manager material in the future?
text:Yes, after a gain some experience I would like to further my career in your company.	labels:I assume that your career is important to you then?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nYes, what are the work hours?	labels:You would begin at five o'clock in the morning and end at three o'clock in the afternoon.
text:Ok, that sounds like an early start.	labels:Yes but we need to make sure that the bread is ready for the early costumers.	episode_done:True
text:Whats your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI worked with a nice manager in my second job. It was great.	labels:What made your manager nice to work with?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI practiced at a warehouse in high school. What I appreciated was the community and working physically.	labels:Where do you see yourself working in five years?
text:Right now I want to work and develop as a warehouse worker. I plan to get truck and driver&#39;s licenses in the coming year. It is very possible that I will study in five years.	labels:What do you want to study for?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhat kind of truck will I drive?	labels:You will drive Volvo FL.	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a truck driver. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nDriving is my passion and I like trucks.	labels:What is you favorite truck to drive?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI am really passionate about food and I especially like baking.	labels:What made you discover your passion for baking?
text:My mother asked me to bake a loaf of bread once. I had really fun doing it and from there on out I bake at any oppurtunity that I get.	labels:How often do you bake?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as lead developer. What do you think seems fun about this job?\nI love to program and I love even more to tell other people what to do.	labels:Do you think that you are a good leader?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI care about other people, that is why a looked for a job in the health care industry.	labels:Do you have any previous experience working in the health care industry?
text:Yes, I work as a receptionist at a medical practice when I was 18 years old.	labels:Do you have any experience from taking care of patients?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our warehouse, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI can't think of any.	labels:Have you ever communicated directly with any costumers?
text:Not really. I've only ever dealt with their orders.	labels:Did you have any co-workers at your previous positions?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI have a junior baker with me back in my home country and we worked together for three years.	labels:Why did you leave your job in your home country?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nWhen I was an apprentice I worked in a team with three others.	labels:Where did you do your apprenticeship?
text:I did that in a small bakery in London.	labels:What is that bakery called?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI like solving problems and identifying what's wrong with each car.	labels:Do you have any specific routine when checking what's wrong with a car?
text:I usually do a safety check-up, no matter the inital issue that the costumer has. I do this to ensure that my costumers are safe.	labels:What does your safety check-up include?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a baker. What do you think seems fun about this job?\nThe job is creative, and I like working with taste, shape and color.	labels:What does creativity mean to you?
text:This means that I can create beautiful breads and pastries, and that I can vary them by changing the look and taste of them.	labels:It is good to be able to vary the pastries. What can you contribute to our workplace?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nAs a person I see myself as a care-giver and I have a genuine interest in sharing compassion to people in the world.	labels:Could you give an example of situations in your life where you are acting as a care-giver today?
text:My mother in law is sick and I am helping her several days a week by helping her with her personal hygiene and provide her with medicine.	labels:Do you have any education in terms of medicine?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI like how your company values its workers.	labels:What is the most important value to you about this job position?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have the required experience and I am eger to start.	labels:What would you say is the most important characterist for this job?
text:I would say being able to adapt to new situations.	labels:How does that relate to truck driving?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI have been on the board for my local football club for several years.	labels:Have you had any experience working with others in your profession?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a nurse. What do you think seems fun about this job?\nI like helping people feel good. You make a difference as a nurse.	labels:In what way do you make a difference as a nurse?
text:In my role as a nurse, I need to understand what each patient needs to be able to give them the right care. With that knowledge, I can make a difference and help people get well.	labels:What qualities do you think are important for being able to give patients the right care?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhat salary can I expect?	labels:That depends. We work with a provision based salary. You will get a bonus of 10 % for each car that you fix.
text:Ok, that sounds good. But what is the starting salary?	labels:That is 15000 Sek per month.	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWhen I see my patients recover from their mental illness.	labels:How much time did it take on average for your patients to recover?	episode_done:True
text:Welcome to this interview!\nThank you very much.	labels:How was your trip? Was it hard to find your way here?
text:No, not at all. I am familiar with this part of town since before.	labels:That is great to hear. Would you like a cup of coffee before we start?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhen can I start?	labels:We are looking to employ a new baker by the end of the month! Does this work for you?
text:Yeah, thats fine.	labels:We'll get in touch when we have made a decision!	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a warehouse worker. What do you think seems fun about this job?\nIt&#39;s a job with pace and it suits me.	labels:Can you tell us in which way the job suits you?
text:I get to work with the body and I like to move.	labels:So you prefer professions where you use the body as a tool?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhat salary can I expect?	labels:That depends. We work with a provision based salary. You will get a bonus of 10 % for each car that you fix.
text:Ok, that sounds good. But what is the starting salary?	labels:That is 15000 Sek per month.	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI think that was when I worked as a teacher and I got to see the kids in my class understand a new subject. That was the best experince that I have ever had.	labels:What kind of teaching did you do?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nI feel happy to serve customers.	labels:What customers have you served before?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you fit well as a cook?\nI love food, and I like to prepare food.	labels:What is your favourite meal to prepare?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nIf I started work tomorrow, what tasks would be the first I get to tackle?	labels:Since knowledge of the goods is important, the first task would be to get to know the range in the store. Do you have any other questions you want to ask us?
text:What is your next step in this recruitment process?	labels:Our next step is to meet two more candidates, and then we make a decision.	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI love cakes and bread.	labels:But you know, that you are supposed to bake them, not eat them.
text:Aha, I thought that I would work as a food taster.	labels:No, I think that you have the wrong idea of what a baker does.	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI like to bake things, and to get up early in the morning.	labels:What is you favourite thing to bake?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI know a lot about baking. I am always asked to make cakes when it is someones birthday.	labels:What is you favorite cake to bake?
text:I really like Pavlova, but a simple sponge cake is also nice.	labels:Do you come up with any recipies by yourself?	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any past experience in working as a security guard?\nNo, I do not have any past experience.	labels:What have you previously worked as?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our warehouse, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI have worked in a similar warehouse before, with around ten colleagues.	labels:Why did you quit that job?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have a lot of experience driving big and small trucks.	labels:What is your favourite truck to drive?
text:It is a big Volvo truck, because they are the fastest.	labels:That sounds a bit dangerous. Are you a safe driver?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhen can I start if I get the job?	labels:You can start in one month if you get the job. Anything else?
text:Do you like working here?	labels:Yes I like working here. I started last year and I like the company. Anything else?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI worked on a women's boutique for three years.	labels:Why did you leave your job?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI'm energetic and very interested in baking.	labels:Where have you learnt what you know?
text:Mostly books and online resources.	labels:What's your favourite baking book?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nWhen I worked as a healthcare assistant, I worked with patients. I helped them with their basic hygiene activities.	labels:What type of patients are you helping with?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a truck driver. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nIt is a job where you earn quite well with money and you take care of yourself a lot.	labels:Why is it important for you to take care of yourself?
text:I&#39;m not that social of myself. Driving a truck is also a feeling of freedom.	labels:Tell us more about why the feeling of freedom is important to you	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nWhen our employer lets us leave early when our quota was done before the shift ends.	labels:How many quotas do you need to meet on a workday?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nDo I get any employee discounts?	labels:Yes, all employees gets 20 % on all of our products.
text:Is there any other employee benefit?	labels:Yes, you will all get 2 hours of exercise on work time each week. Do you have any other questions?	episode_done:True
text:Welcome to this interview!\nThank you very much.	labels:How was your trip? Was it hard to find your way here?
text:I had some troubles yes, but I managed to find my way just in time.	labels:Yes I can imagine, it is a rather unknown neighbourhood. Anyhow, would you like a cup of coffee before we start?
text:No thank you, but I would like a cup of tea. I am actually not a big fan of coffee.	labels:Of course, I will get you a cup of tea.	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nAs I mentioned earlier I really enjoy taking care of others and I have been since I was young. I have this very strong, nurturing side of me, and have always had that.	labels:I see, can you tell me about how this nurturing side displays itself in you or your actions?
text:Of course. I often bend over backwards to make my patients feel at home and I really enjoy going the extra mile. For example, I once bought a child patient a teddy bear, so that she would feel more comfortable.	labels:That was very sweet of you, how did the child react?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our warehouse, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI worked closely with the warehouse manager on my previous work.	labels:How did you cooperate with your warehouse manager at that time?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI studied Advanced Baking in London and got my internship there as well.	labels:How long did you do the internship?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI have worked with others in every single job that I have had before.	labels:How many previous jobs have you had?
text:About ten.	labels:Why do you change jobs so often?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nWhen I was in college, I used to work at a restaurant. There I was working with a lot of other people.	labels:What did you do at the restaurant?	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any questions about the job?\nYes, what are the work hours?	labels:The work hours are between 8 AM - 17 PM. You will have a lunch break between 11.30 AM - 12.15 PM.	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI like doing physically active jobs because I feel healthy.	labels:What other jobs did you have in the past?	episode_done:True
text:There is a hole in your resume around the year 2014. What happened then?\nI was on maternity leave and after that I did not find a job immediately.	labels:I see.	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have all the skills and experience listed in the job description.	labels:What do you think is your greatest skill?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nDo you like working here?	labels:Yes I do. I've been here for five years now.
text:Who will be my supervisor in the beginning if I get the job?	labels:I will be your supervisor if you get the job	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI like to see cars working again with the help of my hands.	labels:What is your dream car to get your hands on?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI am a good fit for warehouse hand because I am strong.	labels:Are there any other qualities that would make you suitable?
text:I am tall.	labels:I think that you need to provide longer answers.	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI&#39;m creative and like to create things with my hands. In addition, I like the working hours	labels:What are the working hours you like?
text:Well, working at night suits me well.	labels:Do you have experience of it since before?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI had been a car mechanic for five years and took a course as an electric car technician for two years.	labels:What cars have you handled before?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nNot really, most people think the ad says. But when can I start?	labels:For our part, we want a new employee as soon as possible. If we choose you, when can you start?
text:I can start tomorrow if you want.	labels:Good to know, we&#39;ll be back with a message.	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI am great at multi-tasking. I can handle a bunch of different orders at once.	labels:Where did you learn how to multi-task?
text:I grew up in quite a stressful environment. It was kind of impossible not to learn that particular skill.	labels:Can you tell me more about how you handle yourself in stressful situations?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nI love clothes, I consider myself a fashionista.	labels:I see, what do you love about fashion?
text:I love the way I can express myself with my clothes.	labels:Do you think that you could help others in our store who have a different clothing style than what you have?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI just really enjoy having a steady employment and clearly set tasks each day. I feel the most comfortable when I know what type of tasks I will work with before each day.	labels:Are there any specific tasks that interest you about this job?
text:I have always worked in warehouses and it is the only thing that I know how to do well, and I really enjoy this store as well. It is always nice and tidy here, which makes me want to work here.	labels:Is there anything in particular that is nice and tidy?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nDo I get to take free cakes with me home after the work day is done?	labels:If there are any leftovers, sure, you can take as many as you like.
text:I would also like to know if I will have any workinsurence when working here?	labels:Yes, we have a insurance for all employees when you are at work.	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI liked my job as a kindergarden teacher.	labels:What made that job so good?
text:I liked my colleagues and the atmosphere.	labels:Did you do anything outside work with you colleagues?	episode_done:True
text:Have you got any past experience working as a taxi driver?\nNo, I have never worked as a taxi driver before.	labels:What have you worked as previously?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI have education and good personal qualities. I am empathetic, positive and have a great deal of patience	labels:Why is it good to have a great deal of patience in this kingdom?
text:When you are sick or may have grown old, things often take longer to do. It is important to let it take time and not stress the patients	labels:What do you think patients will appreciate you most for?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nYes. In my past job, our store manager encourages us to cooperate. In that way, our customers can have a smoother transaction.	labels:How do you cooperate?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nYes, I am used to work with others. In all my previous positions I have worked with others.	labels:What have you worked with before?
text:I worked as a firefighter before.	labels:that sounds impressive! Where did you work as a firefighter?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI liked the christmas parties at my previous job.	labels:I think I ment something more work related.
text:Aha, yes I liked my boss.	labels:What made you boss good?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nYes, I am used to work with others. In all my previous positions I have worked with others.	labels:What have you worked with before?
text:I worked as a firefighter before.	labels:Where did you work as a firefighter?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nMy first job was exciting. I used to be a babysitter.	labels:What was special abouut your first job?
text:It was such a special feeling when I recieved my first paycheck. It felt good knowing that I had earned the money all by myself.	labels:How old were you when you got your first paycheck?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as kindergarden teacher. What do you think seems fun about this job?\nI enjoy working with kids and I love to teach.	labels:Do you have any children yourself?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nDo I get any discounts on the stuff that you are selling?	labels:No, but well let you know before we have a sale, and then you can buy the nice stuff before any other customer.
text:Does that apply to all of the stuff that you sell?	labels:No, we have some special items for which this discount is not allowed.	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI worked at a zoo when I was fifteen, that was a lot of fun.	labels:Interesting. What did you do at the zoo?
text:I worked with feeding the animals.	labels:Oh really, what kind of animlas did you feed?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI really enjoyed working in healthcare previously. My best experience was getting to see our patients get better over time.	labels:Do you have any bad experiences from previous jobs?
text:Not really.	labels:What you an optimal workday look like for you?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nFirst of all, I like you company. And second, I would like to learn baking new things.	labels:What attracted you to our company.	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI think I am a good fit because I worked at a hospital before.	labels:How long have you worked at that hospital?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nHow do you like your collegues?	labels:I like my colleagues. Anything else?
text:What is the salary?	labels:25000	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI liked working with kids when I was a kindergarden teacher.	labels:How does this relate to this position.
text:Kids like to eat cake.	labels:Is there any other relationship between these jobs?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you want to change career paths at this time?\nWell, sometimes you come to a certain point in life where you feel that you are ready for new challenges, and a new day to day life.	labels:I see, and what interests you the most about this job?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI like things to be organized and for every thing to be in order.	labels:Would you describe yourself as an organized type of person?
text:Yes. I have a personality that likes for each thing to have its own place.	labels:What other kind of personality traits do you have?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nAs I mentioned I recently discovered that I enjoy baking bread and that others enjoy eating my bread. It took some time of practice to go from good enough breads to really top of the line sourdough bread though.	labels:Do you have any other qualities except baking bread that would make you a good fit for us?
text:Of course, I am a really social butterfly and if you put me behind the cashier from time to time I am sure I could charm many customers as well.	labels:Do you have any cashier experience since before?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nHow many vacant jobs do you have right now?	labels:We have ten vacant jobs open. If you like, you can refer a friend.	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nYes, I have hade 3 previous jobs where I worked together with collegues.	labels:What previous jobs have you had?
text:First, I was a kindergarden teacher, then I work in a grocery store, and now I work at a gym.	labels:It seems like you have changed careers a lot. Could you tell my your thoughts on that?	episode_done:True
text:Our customers are spread across the city and our cleaners usually drive to the locations. Do you have a drivers licence?\nYes, I have a drivers licence.	labels:How long have you had a drivers licence?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nThat a lot happens all the time, and that you work very independently	labels:Do you prefer to work independently rather than working in a group?
text:I do not mind working in a group, but I think there is a freedom in directing one's own work as much as possible. Take responsibility for it.	labels:What does it mean to take responsibility for yourself?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nNo. I was positive even before the interview and now my interest has strengthened. I really want to work with you.	labels:It was fun to hear that you want to work with us. We will get back to you.
text:When can I expect you to hear from me?	labels:We are expected to be ready with the recruitment in two weeks.	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWill I be working only on the engine or all types of repair?	labels:Your focus will mainly be on engine repairs as most of the work we get is engine repairs. Would you find this kind of work rewarding?
text:Yes. Engine repairs is my specialty.	labels:Do you have any other specialties in terms of car repairs?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nI worked at a zoo when I was fifteen, that was a lot of fun.	labels:Interesting. What did you do at the zoo?
text:I worked with feeding the animals.	labels:Oh really, what kind of animlas did you feed?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI worked as an assistant to a maternity doctor for two years.	labels:What are your tasks look like daily as an assistant?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI like to work with cars	labels:Okay, is it an interest you have?
text:Yes I have always liked cars. I have several of my own that I like to tinker with.	labels:Do you have any work experience with cars?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nNot really. Maybe how much you get in salary	labels:We follow collective agreements and the salary stated for new employees
text:How much is it then?	labels:How much it is, we can talk more about in a possible second interview. Do you have any other question that does not concern the salary?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI think it is interesting to meet new people and keep them company until they get better.	labels:What are the usual people you encounter in your last job?	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nWhat are you looking for as an ideal job candidate?	labels:We are looking for a candidate who can process inventory and can report missing or damaged items to the supervisor.	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nDo you need a truck card?	labels:Yes, but we will train those who do not have a truck card. Do you have any experience of driving a truck.
text:I&#39;ve only driven a hand truck before, working in the store. Does it take a long time to get a truck card?	labels:No, we have a two-day training. Do you have a driver&#39;s license for a car?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nWell, when I get the routine in, I'm extremely efficient.	labels:Does it take a long time for you to get the routine in?
text:Not usually, no. I'm a fast learner.	labels:That's a good quality to have. Have you always been a fast learner?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nI like helping people who are looking to buy something.	labels:What do you like about it?
text:It's fun to help people who don't really know what they want. To give suggestions and advice.	labels:Do you have any advice for me if I'm looking for a new pair of jeans?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?\nI like cars. And I would like to learn more about car repairments.	labels:I see. Do you have any previous experience of working with cars or car repairment?
text:Yes, I have some experience.	labels:Could you prehaps expand on that?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as receptionist. What makes you a good fit?\nI like to talk to people and I'm always nice and pragmatic.	labels:I see. Can you give an example of a situation where it was difficult to do so?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our warehouse, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nYes, I have a supervisor whom I follow.	labels:What does your supervisor say about job performance?	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a car mechanic. What do you think seems fun about this job?\nI like both cars and motorcycles. It&#39;s fun to work with my interest, and at the same time give customers good service.	labels:In what way can you provide customers with good service?
text:Because I am careful and find out as much as possible so I can determine what the error is, how long it takes to fix and how much it will to cost. The customer wants to know this before handing in the car.	labels:The cost of the work will be much higher than you estimated. What can happen if you do not notify the customer before the work is carried out?	episode_done:True
text:If we choose to hire you, when can you start working?\nI am currently in between jobs, therefore I can start working immediately.	labels:Great! We are looking to hire immediately.	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?\nHow many weeks of vacation do you offer?	labels:You'll get four vacation weeks. Any other questions?
text:What's the salary?	labels:The salary is 25000 a month.	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?\nI like to work with sales and find it interesting to sell towards the end customer.	labels:What do you find particularly interesting in sales?
text:I like the psychological process of sales. How a customer decides and how you can influence a customer to buy.	labels:Interesting. How can you influence a customer to make a purchase in our store, you think?	episode_done:True
text:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?\nMy best experience is when one of our regular customers appreciated my work ethic and gave me a holiday gift.	labels:What is your work ethic?	episode_done:True
text:What makes you a good fit?\nI am hard working and I will be the first one to show up each morning.	labels:How can you be sure about that?
text:I used to work at a different bakery and I was alwyas the first person there.	labels:Which bakery was that?	episode_done:True
text:If you are going to work in our warehouse, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?\nI do, I like to workout with my friends.	labels:But that is not really work is it. Do you have any experience working with other employees?
text:Yes, I was once employeed at a local gym. And I have several colleagues.	labels:I see, what did you do at the gym?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me a bit about yourself.\nOf course. Personally or about myself as a working person?	labels:You can do both. First about you as a person and them about your work experience.	episode_done:True
text:You have applied for the job as construction worker. What do you think seems fun about this job?\nIn general, I like to build things. Being a part of that process really makes me want to perform.	labels:Have you have any other experince in construction?	episode_done:True
