text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I have loved cars ever since I was sixteen and got my first car.	labels:What kind of car have you had and what kind of repairs have you done on it?
text:I had an old Ford Fiesta and did full service every year myself and changed the gearbox.	labels:What did you learn from changing the gearbox?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I have both the education and the capabilities needed for this job.	labels:Could you name an important capability that you believe is helpful in healthcare?
text:Of course! I think that my ability to connect with the patients and make them feel comfortable is very valuable.	labels:It is indeed valuable. Do you have any other qualities that make you suitable for this position?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:So what experience did you gain from this?
text:At first, I learned about customer service, because I'm not native speaker. So that is like a bit of difficulty but I can learn some customer service how to make a great decision for the customer. And secondly, as a team worker, that is kind of teamwork, teamwork player so that team was really variety in the nationality and are really variety of age. So I can learn about something later and time management.	labels:So you're applying to be an in store marketing associate. what exactly do you believe that position matters?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:You have applied for the job as lead developer. What do you think seems fun about this job?
text:I love to program and I love even more to tell other people what to do.	labels:Do you think that you are a good leader?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Did you quit your first job? Or did you get fired?
text:I quit myself. I relocated to the city due to family circumstances. That is why I had to leave my previous position.	labels:Well, why do you want this job? Why should we hire you?
text:I look forward to a position that offers more opportunities to work with the most interesting, famous and important projects. I want to be a part of this company because I believe I can be of assistance in its growth.	labels:What are your goals for the future?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Welcome to this interview!
text:Thank you very much.	labels:How was your trip? Was it hard to find your way here?
text:I had some troubles yes, but I managed to find my way just in time.	labels:Yes I can imagine, it is a rather unknown neighbourhood. Anyhow, would you like a cup of coffee before we start?
text:No thank you, but I would like a cup of tea. I am actually not a big fan of coffee.	labels:Of course, I will get you a cup of tea.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:How would you describe your greatest strength?
text:I think my greatest strength is my dependability. You can depend on me to be on time. You can depend on me to get my work finished on time. And you can depend on me to be professional.	labels:And what about your greatest weakness?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What will you do if you're not selected for this position?
text:I really look forward to working with info future technologies. And I will definitely be disappointed if I'm not selected. But because I'm optimistic, I will certainly work harder and prepare myself better for the other upcoming interviews.	labels:Thanks, Samira. I've asked all the questions I wanted to. Now you have an opportunity to ask me questions. Do you have any queries for me?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I have always worked in store where I truly enjoyed the products. It makes it much easier to sell.	labels:Do you like the products we sell?
text:Yes, that is why I applied to your store. I always loved your products.	labels:We have an employee discount on our products and we encourage our employees to buy and test our products. Does that sound good?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:What salary can I expect?	labels:That depends. We work with a provision based salary. You will get a bonus of 10 % for each car that you fix.
text:Ok, that sounds good. But what is the starting salary?	labels:That is 15000 Sek per month.	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I like to work with cars	labels:Okay, is it an interest you have?
text:Yes I have always liked cars. I have several of my own that I like to tinker with.	labels:Do you have any work experience with cars?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:And they asked, the very first question is, could you tell us what midwives do and describe some of the activities they get up to and the functions that they serve?
text:Okay, so midwives, very long history. They obviously, to me, the biggest job that midwife does is to help other women bring life into the world, from the minute they get pregnant to weeks after the baby's born. They did bring strength and support to the whole family, an amazing time. They empower women to go through altered physical experiences. Their bodies change daily, they go through lots of changes, single day, they help with after the baby's born with breastfeeding. breastfeeding. Okay.	labels:So that's a good scope there. Can you think of any sort of specific areas of Canada midwives get involved with any professionals they might work alongside? Oh, yes.
text:So they work alongside doctors. They work with high risk ladies low risk ladies, diabetic ladies. healthcare professional, multi agency teams, they safeguard the patient, family of children	labels:and who you want to add?  And could you tell me some of the challenges that midwives are facing at the moment in the UK?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I know a lot about baking. I am always asked to make cakes when it is someones birthday.	labels:What is you favorite cake to bake?
text:I really like Pavlova, but a simple sponge cake is also nice.	labels:Do you come up with any recipies by yourself?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:You can tell me what is your strength?
text:my strength is I am a very committed person. And I always do I always keep my 110% to everything that I want to do or I love to do. And so I am a very patient person. So I usually in any situation even like my face, but obviously go Ruby calm so I won't take very I was think about I was plan and think about what would happen if I take this step	labels:What is your weakness,	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:If you are going to work at our cargo company, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:Yes, I have had many jobs where I worked with different people.	labels:That sounds intersting, could you elaborate?
text:Sure. In my first job, I worked in a team with six other people. We would communicate on a day by day basis.	labels:What did you think about working in a team with other people?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What are your goals for the future?
text:I am interested in finding a position where I can use my professional skills and abilities to build a good career. I see the next few years here as an opportunity to gain the skills and expand my experience to run one of the departments in this company.	labels:What are your salary expectations?
text:it would be helpful if you could share what the range is for this role. According to my experience, I think that 10,000 to $25,000 per year is a typical salary in the market.	labels:What are your weaknesses?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Then you go home and starts all over again the next day?
text:I'm not really I would stay a little bit more if it's a problem that needs to be solved right now. And I would really dedicate myself to solve them and improving the system, if it's possible, because the sooner the better. And everyone benefits, right.	labels:Give us an example where you had two competing demands being placed on you. What was the what was the issue? What did you do and what was the outcome?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Do you only use organic products?	labels:We use both organic products and non-organic products. Is it important to you to only use organic products?
text:I prefer making 100% organic bread and pastry but I am fine with using non-organic ingredients if necessary.	labels:What kind of bread and pastry are you best at making?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Can you give me an example of how you would handle a stressful situation?
text:Um, that's interesting. I actually think stress is a good thing. When it comes to a career. I find it like a hurdle like you've to leap towards new goals. Okay, like stress, the more stress you put on me, the better I'll do. Okay. Wow.	labels:All right. Well, that might not be hard to do here. Why should I hire you?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Do I get to take free cakes with me home after the work day is done?	labels:If there are any leftovers, sure, you can take as many as you like.
text:I would also like to know if I will have any workinsurence when working here?	labels:Yes, we have a insurance for all employees when you are at work.	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I am really passionate about cars. And I am a devoted worked. I will alwyas show up on time.	labels:When did you get passionate about cars?
text:When I was five or six. My dad loved cars as well.	labels:Did you work on cars together with your father?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:If you are going to work at our cargo company, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:Not really. I have previously worked on my own as a contractor. I drive my own truck.	labels:I understand. In this job we will provide you with a truck however.
text:Not a problem!	labels:What type of truck is the truck that you own?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Are you for what diagnostic software? Are you familiar with to support the hardware needs?
text:Does this ever less program? And he actually check out the networks and the problems inside the computer as well.	labels:When I asked you about the application software, you talked about the older versions of the Windows, Windows based OS. Does that include Exchange Server? It does that include Exchange Server?
text:May you rephrase that?	labels:Okay. When I asked you about applications, you were referring to Microsoft only, yes, OSS? 98. Whatever it is, and up to VISTA sort of thing, Windows seven and eight now. So these are operating systems. And in terms of networking. Have you had any experience with Microsoft Exchange Server?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:So how have you adapted to the online? Have you had to use that a lot in your current position?
text:Yeah, we're doing most of our meetings by zoom. Some of the attorneys are even doing their hearings by zoom. We've done a lot of webinars with goto meeting. So all different platforms, it's just our life now. Yeah.	labels:Yeah. So have you felt disconnected from your current employer? Or what ways have you taken steps to remain connected?
text:Well, we've actually increased the number of meetings that we have each week. Normally, we would have one meeting on Mondays for case handlers, which I participate in. And then that would be it support staff would have a meeting every three weeks, I believe. But now we're having weekly support staff meetings, because the support staff are kind of the the skeleton of the crew right now. keeping things going at the office. While most most of the case handlers are working remotely. Lots more meetings and emails to keep everyone, every all of the cases moving forward.	labels:Sure. Sure. So which, do you have a preference? Do you like the traditional going to the office everyday face to face?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Welcome to this interview!
text:Thank you very much.	labels:How was your trip? Was it hard to find your way here?
text:No, not at all. I am familiar with this part of town since before.	labels:That is great to hear. Would you like a cup of coffee before we start?
text:No thank you, I am fine.	labels:A glass of water then?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What makes you fit well as a cook?
text:I love food, and I like to prepare food.	labels:What is your favourite meal to prepare?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Thank you for coming in today, and I'm happy to help you with your preparing for your interview. Why don't we start by having you tell me a little bit about yourself.
text:So I am a senior communications major here at curry. graduating, anticipated graduation is May of 2015, I have very strong points in working with people. I am very involved here at curry. So I'm a part of the Student Activities Office, I'm a student worker there. It's an orientation leader as well, I have a background in theatre, I've spent almost half of my life doing theater. I have vocal talents, I've taken voice lessons for nine years, I don't know what else to say, I don't know what else to talk about.	labels:What is a weakness that you have?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:When I was an apprentice I worked in a team with three others.	labels:Where did you do your apprenticeship?
text:I did that in a small bakery in London.	labels:What is that bakery called?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:Yes. I worked with a team of people who needs to monitor the daily eating habits of our patients.	labels:Sounds great. What important part do they contribute to you as a therapist?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Can you provide an example of how you acted as a team player?
text:I always tried to help my teammates complete their tasks if I had completed mine. Whenever someone needed to leave earlier, I would offer to cover for them. I'm willing to do whatever it takes for the team or company to succeed.	labels:So what would you do if you didn't get on with someone on your team?
text:I would try to sort things out in a calm and rational manner. I would do my best to get on with that person for the sake of a team.	labels:What are your weaknesses?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I worked as a chef and I loved to create food as my job.	labels:What do you find important in terms of working in the food industry?
text:Food is a crucial part of being a human both physically and socially. I like to be a part of that.	labels:How do you think you can implement the social part of eating in terms of being a baker?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Hi, Richard, welcome to the interview.
text:Thank you.	labels:How would you journey here today?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I have not had any other job before.	labels:Ok, are you still in school then?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Well said Well said, if you have any questions for me?
text:I do. What is your current projects that you guys are working on?	labels:Oh, we actually are opening a new location. So that's what we've been in charge of you are getting a position.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Are you able to work weekends?
text:Yes, I am able to work weekends.	labels:Good, this position is for weekends only. Does this work for you?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Do you offer flexible working hours?	labels:Yes, we do.episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:No, I think that I know what I need to about cars.	labels:Yes, but maybe you would like to ask something about the terms and conditions for this position?
text:Sure, what is my expected salary?	labels:Well, that depends on how many cars that you are able to fix.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Can you tell me what your greatest strength is?
text:Think it's my quick thinking and decision making. There have been many times when I've been under pressure and made the right decisions.	labels:How about your greatest weakness?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:If there is anything I love in this world it's baking.	labels:So you are passionate about baking?
text:Yes, specifically baking cakes.	labels:Do you bake bread as well?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What exactly made you apply for this job at our company?
text:I can see that your company has much future growth potential. I would love to grow my career at a company that has a great reputation in the software industry.	labels:What are your strengths?
text:my strengths are persistence and courage. give my all to achieve my goals. In spite of any hardships I might encounter along the way. I have a hard working nature. I'm always looking for ways to improve and grow. I'm also a great team player.	labels:Can you provide an example of how you acted as a team player?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I think it is interesting to meet new people and keep them company until they get better.	labels:What are the usual people you encounter in your last job?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Do you have any questions about this job?
text:Yes, how many customers does a taxi driver get per day?	labels:It depends on the day and time of day. But between 15-20 customers per day.episode_done:True
text: 	labels:If you are going to work in our shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:When I was in college, I used to work at a restaurant. There I was working with a lot of other people.	labels:What did you do at the restaurant?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I am really passionate about food and I especially like baking.	labels:What made you discover your passion for baking?
text:My mother asked me to bake a loaf of bread once. I had really fun doing it and from there on out I bake at any oppurtunity that I get.	labels:How often do you bake?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Thank you. Thank you. So how would you handle stress and pressure in this role?
text:User: If things are going wrong. The only way that you can get through them is by having a clear mind. So you have to communicate clearly. You have to be calm and composed and you also have to have a positive mindset. The only way that you can get through stressful situations is if you are positive and you work together, draw on other people's experiences as part of your team. And then you can achieve anything you want to in a role. So I actually prefer to work under stress and pressure.	labels:Thank you, Richard, can you tell me about a time where you provide excellent customer service?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:If you are going to work in our warehouse, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I worked closely with the warehouse manager on my previous work.	labels:How did you cooperate with your warehouse manager at that time?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I think one of the most fascinating parts of being a healthcare worker is the fact that there are so many different areas of expertise.	labels:I definitely agree. What area of expertise are you interested in?
text:If I could choose one I would probably have to say elderly care.	labels:What is it you find yourself intrigued by when it comes to elderly care?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Chris, please tell me a little bit about yourself.
text:I'm currently finishing my master's of education program at Lake Erie college and working on transitioning from a northeastern Ohio winner to being a member of the Jacksonville Area Community.	labels:Why the move?
text:Well, my wife's job is moving down south, and I'm coming along with her.	labels:How did you hear about the position open with our company here at Rei?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I have a long experience of driving.	labels:How long?
text:I started driving trucks professionally 13 years ago.	labels:What company did you work for then?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Why do you want to work here?
text:I want the challenge of working at a large international firm.	labels:Why should we hire you over another person?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I am physically fit to perform the job well.	labels:How did you perform your job effectively?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You have applied for one of our jobs as a cleaner. Have you previously worked in cleaning?
text:Hi, yes thats right. Yes I have previously worked as a cleaner.	labels:Great! How many years have you worked as a cleaner?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:First and foremost I like working with taking case of people, and I think that this workplace seems very modern compared to others.	labels:I see, what is it that you this seems more modern?
text:I saw that you have the new computer system in place and that you use electronic devices for locking and unlocking the patients' doors.	labels:Yes, the new computer system has proven to be valuable for us.	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:If you are going to work as a janitor, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:When I was high school I would often do projects with the other students in my school.	labels:What types of problems would you usually do?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:Well, when I get the routine in, I'm extremely efficient.	labels:Does it take a long time for you to get the routine in?
text:Not usually, no. I'm a fast learner.	labels:That's a good quality to have. Have you always been a fast learner?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I have been on the board for my local football club for several years.	labels:Have you had any experience working with others in your profession?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:We actually are opening a new location. So that's what we've been in charge of you are getting a position.
text:Thanks. And yes, how many locations do you currently have?	labels:we are weever fifth now we'll be opening our six. Anything else?.
text:When will I be able to hear from you?	labels:I actually had my assistant contact you within a week.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:All right. Well, that might not be hard to do here. Why should I hire you?
text:Because they're different. I'll bring the watch the company along with skills, but a good personality that'll fit well with group.	labels:Good answer. Do you have any questions for me?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:So could you tell me about some of the reading around the subject that you've done?
text:Okay. So I've found like very recently, I don't know if it's because I've just come across it from where I work. But I found that very severely. I've done a lot of reading on FGM. And I've also done my case study on FGM. In my access course. I think it's a very prominent thing that is definitely due to the intake of refugees and people moving to the UK from countries where it's prominent.	labels:Yeah, I was gonna ask you about this. So that subjects in particular, is something very close to you. Why do you think you you chose that sort of subjects in particular? Was it because you had experiences with women in your care? Or,
text:yes, I get, I was very lucky to work with a clinic only as a kind of add on to the clinic call that I was doing as an MSW. And I got to talk to one of the doctors there. And I just knew from that moment, I just knew that that's kind of something where it was an interest that I knew that I would naturally want to help him like, I feel like I can. I feel like I can talk to women in a non judgmental way. And if they can open up to me about that, then we could help, as you know, give her the best birth and experience that she could possibly get. Yeah. If we're able to, you know, I was very lucky, because I did get speak to women that had had it done.	labels:injustice, it's, yeah, subjects a lot of versus passionate about. Okay, so moving on to the next question. across the UK at the moment, there's only 17% of women still exclusively breastfeeding their babies at three months. And in countries like Norway, exclusive breastfeeding rates are close to 40%. At this point, can you tell me what you think about some of the life challenges mums might have in terms of breastfeeding, establishing breastfeeding and carrying it on in the UK?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:How long will I be working on shifts?	labels:You will be working for 10 days and then you will be off for 5 days.
text:I understand! That sounds good to me!	labels:Is there anything else that you would like to ask?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I'm energetic and very interested in baking.	labels:Where have you learnt what you know?
text:Mostly books and online resources.	labels:What's your favourite baking book?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:So from your resume, I can see you have done very well. And obviously, you've done well. Professionally, you've done well, in your education. What advice would you give to say, new paralegal student or student in general? What are some of the keys to success that you think are necessary?
text:proofreading would be the first thing that is so important, because it like inevitably you're going to have corrections. But if you are your pay attention to detail, listen to instructions carefully. Don't get too excited about your assignment that you stop listening, and, and take notes. Because at the time, it may all make sense. But then when you get back to your desk, you're like Oh, my gosh, what did they tell me to do? So you listen, carefully, take good notes, and proofread everything before you give it to the attorney, that will save you some red ink and time later having to go back and make those corrections when you're trying to get something else done.	labels:Excellent. Excellent. I, I couldn't agree more. And even when you're proofreading and you're reading it, sometimes you're looking at and you're like, I know this looks wrong, but I can't figure out why. You know, so. It's amazing. Excellent. Excellent. Well, do you have any questions for me?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Do you have any questions about the job?
text:Yes, what are the work hours?	labels:The work hours are between 8 AM - 17 PM. You will have a lunch break between 11.30 AM - 12.15 PM.episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Okay. What do you think it takes to be a good employee?
text:a good employee showing up to work on time. Being there as a team member, knowing your job, knowing your job, knowing your job, if you don't know the job, ask questions. Don't sit there. Like I'm not on a log and not ask the question. And I truly believe in taking stuff initiative, you know, to bring something to the table.	labels:Okay. Well, Tamra, do you have any questions of me?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:and could you tell me why you would like to be a midwife?
text:So I want to be, I want to work with women and their families during the transition and change and assist in the process of people giving birth, I want to empower women to make choices about their bodies have been withheld, confidence struck. I think being a midwife is a massive privilege. I think birth is a life altering physical experience that has the power to be spiritually meaningful, and was for a family to let you be part of that journey, whether that's the journey when the fetus is six months old, whoever, that's the journey, when the baby's coming out. I just think it's just one big massive privilege just be part of it. I've been drawn into midwifery since have my own two children. I have two completely different birth and experiences.	labels:Sort of heritage Kayla thing. So could you tell me about some of the reading around the subject that you've done?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I have a strong physique and I know how to use lifter machine.	labels:What warehouse lifter machine did you operate before?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Yeah. Can you tell me about your role in the team? What do you feel is your role to play?
text:My role? My role to play in that team, when I would say is promoting coordination between all the staff members, not just amongst nurses, techs, nurses, doctors, BTS, because you want to have a good working relationship with the Lord in order to have like the best patient outcomes.	labels:Okay. So So would you say that you, you're, you feel like you're a good facilitator and team environment?
text:Oh, definitely. And I and, and Molly cases, I'd like to get the meat, the meat of the issue presented to the patient rather than get caught up in trivial matters. Okay.	labels:on that, you know, continuing down that that line of thought he told me about a time that you've been working in a team environment, experience conflict, and maybe how the I'm not concerned about the outcome, but I want to understand how you how you handle that conflict.	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:How many weeks of vacation do you offer?	labels:You'll get four vacation weeks. Any other questions?
text:What's the salary?	labels:The salary is 25000 a month.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:I would like to know have many weeks of vaccation that I get each year?	labels:The standard is to get five weeks.
text:That sounds reasonable. How many people work at this company?	labels:There are currently twentyfive people employed here.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:You have applied for the job as a truck driver. What do you think is interesting about this job?
text:Driving is my passion and I like trucks.	labels:What is you favorite truck to drive?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Welcome to this interview!
text:Thank you very much.	labels:How was your trip? Was it hard to find your way here?
text:I had some troubles yes, but I managed to find my way just in time.	labels:Yes I can imagine, it is a rather unknown neighbourhood. Anyhow, would you like a cup of coffee before we start?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Good morning, Samira. Please take a seat. How are you doing today?
text:I'm doing very well.	labels:Okay, so how do you feel about so much activity on the campus these days?
text:Oh, it's exciting times on campus. At this point, I'm experiencing a whole lot of mixed feelings. I'm a little sad now that college life is at its end. But I'm also very eager to start on a new face in my life with my career. Great.	labels:So Samira, to start off with this interview. Can you speak something about yourself?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Have you ever worked in a work as required basis? Have you ever had to work on anything on call?
text:on call? No. But I must say that I already spend many nights doing projects for university planning, making programs as well. So I must say that I'm totally ready for being eager to help the company and the problems with existence.	labels:are you stronger in software, or in hardware?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What can you tell me about your final your project?
text:Oh, yes. My final year project was to develop a sensor based device that can be hooked on to a person to monitor his or her blood pressure, pulse temperature, and transmit the same using a mobile phone to a back end server that would be maintained by a healthcare service provider.	labels:That sounds really interesting. What did your supervisor had to say about your project?
text:My supervisor feels that this is a good first step. But he's pushing our team tested with as many role users as possible. Overall, he was happy with our project and gave us a good grip and a very favorable remark. Now you can find more details about my role in this project in my testimonial, okay, well,	labels:Consider a situation where you're assigned a new project on the very first day joining in for future what will be your approach towards the starting of this project?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I specialize in Cake Decorating and Pastry Design.	labels:Do you have on-the-job experience in that specialization?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Please tell me about your formal education.
text:I just graduated from Kansas State University two months ago with a bachelor's degree in business administration.	labels:How was your experience there?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I like to do more physically active jobs than clerical jobs.	labels:What physical jobs have you done before?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Tell me a little bit about your education at Richmond Community College and your experience qualifies and prepares you for this job.
text:Well, the my education at Richmond Community College just gives me the classroom work are the class portion of the job skills that are needed in this particular job, and my life experience with just as a first sergeant, the United States Army, I was responsible for a lot of logistical things, managing roughly up to 150 to 175 people. So that gives me good balance on managing things.	labels:Tell me what is your greatest strength?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:When the boutique lets us offer our customers free tea and sweets. I notice it uplifts customers' mood and they are more comfortable to buy.	labels:What do your customers usually buy?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:You have applied for the job as carpenter. How long have you worked with carpenting previously?
text:I started studying carpenting when I was 16 years old. I have worked with carpenting for 10 years, since I was 18 years old.	labels:Great, you have a lot of experience. What do like about carpenting?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What are your salary requirements?
text:I'm looking for at least 30,000.	labels:This position starts at 35,000. Is this okay?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What is your best quality?
text:My best quality would be that I'm an energetic. I'm a team player, I work well with others. I like being involved with other people and getting to know them. And I think that's a very important aspect of being on a team and working together.	labels:Um, could you give me an example of how you handled a stressful situation?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What are your weaknesses?
text:I admit being a bit of a perfectionist because I focus too much on the details.	labels:So what are your strengths?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I have a past job experience similar to this.	labels:What similarity does this job and your past job have?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:Working in a shop is my life story. I do not know anything else.	labels:What specifically do you like by working in a shop?
text:To see how customers spend their money, that is so interesting.	labels:Ok, that sounds reasonable.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:My best experience is when one of our regular customers appreciated my work ethic and gave me a holiday gift.	labels:What is your work ethic?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What brands are you interested in?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What would you say your best quality is?
text:It is probably my passion. I'm very passionate about what I do. I'm passionate about caring for my patients. And I get very involved in their lives and their treatment and really feel passionate about them, doing well and being self sufficient.	labels:Okay. Okay, now, can you give me an example of how you would handle a stressful situation?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What interests you have in our unit?
text:Oh, well, I been working on your unit for the past six months or so. And I really enjoyed your unit, you know, the employees and the staff here are extremely helpful help each other, I can really see the coordination team synergy amongst you guys. And the management, upper management has been extremely helpful and helping me know structuring the issues along with the rest of the staff. So that's pretty much the main reason why	labels:that's great. Can you tell me what, what your goals are, say, five, five years from now,
text:what my goals are? I would say like in about one or two years, you know, I would like to get enough experience on the floor to get my OCN. And because, you know, it's, I do really do like the unit, we don't do like the patient population. Right. And as a result, I want to, you know, treat them as long as, as long as I can. Right. But, um, later on down the road. I'm not, I'm not really sure yet.	labels:Okay. That's great. Can you tell me what your professors would say is your greatest strength?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Right now our company is on the cutting edge of healthcare and technology. I think it is a very exciting time to be a part of our company, especially working here. Okay, great.
text:Well, when can I expect to hear from you?	labels:I can have my assistant call you by tomorrow morning. If that's all right.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?
text:I like to do sales and meet new customers as I am a very outgoing person.	labels:What products are you selling before?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I like contributing to our community by being part of the healthcare industry.	labels:How long have you been in the healthcare industry?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What kind of hours are you looking for?
text:I'm looking for full time work. I can work weekends. But I'd like to have evenings off.	labels:What's your ideal job?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:When I see my patients recover from their mental illness.	labels:How much time did it take on average for your patients to recover?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Do you have any special job skills that would help you do your job?
text:Well, I have many contacts in the communication sector from my previous job. I also have knowledge of Japanese culture and language. I used to live in Tokyo.	labels:How are you research skills?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What's your greatest weakness?
text:My greatest weakness would be working to a time limit, I think I'm more of a test driven person. And when I'm working within a timeframe to just try to fill in time and sort of makes a little difficult for me mission driven.	labels:I got. Alright. I see on your resume that you put that you're familiar with ICD tm, you tell me what that stands for.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:This is my first job so I don't really have that experience.	labels:Okay I understand, but maybe you've worked with others in your spare time?
text:I have worked with my brother when we repaired a car.	labels:And how did that go working with your brother?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:To date, what would you say is your greatest professional achievement?
text:Personally, becoming a teacher earning a master's degree, those have all been wonderful experiences for me. But the greatest achievement would have to be working with young people, and helping them get a little bit better at communicating with the world around them.	labels:Chris, can you tell me about a challenge or conflict that you've faced in the workplace, and how you would deal with it?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Yes, what are the work hours?	labels:You would begin at five o'clock in the morning and end at three o'clock in the afternoon.
text:Ok, that sounds like an early start.	labels:Yes but we need to make sure that the bread is ready for the early costumers.	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I really like working with cars and I have always been the type of person to open up and look and try to fix broken machinery.	labels:What is it that interests you with the machinery?
text:I think that I see a car as a big puzzle that needs to be solved and I just really like solving problems, or puzzles.	labels:I understand. Do you think that there is any specific reason that you prefer cars to other types of problem solving?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I am an experienced car mechanic and done it for three years.	labels:What car manufacturer brands have you experienced working as a mechanic?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:What items do I need to sell?	labels:Our items include maternity clothing, baby essentials, and accessories.episode_done:True
text: 	labels:If you are going to work in our shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I have worked with others in every single job that I have had before.	labels:How many previous jobs have you had?
text:About ten.	labels:Why do you change jobs so often?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I am a trustworthy person. I also have experience in stock management as well as assisting customers at checkout.	labels:What kind of retail stocks have you managed before?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Can I drive my taxi car with me in the evening?	labels:We do not allow our employees to bring home their cars in the evening. Is there anything else you would like to know?
text:Do you give me a uniform for my shifts?	labels:Yes.	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Do you have any questions about the position?
text:Yes, how many colleagues will I have?	labels:Currently there are 3 other bartenders working at the bar.episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Thank you for that answer, Richard. I did previously notice that you stated that you enjoyed working under pressure. With this in mind. Can you tell me about a time when you completed a difficult task under pressure?
text:User: And I actually called the person who was off sick just to ask them for some advice about how they approached all of their tasks. When I went back to work, the following morning, I sat down, and I put a plan of action in place. So I assessed my own tasks, I then put the other person's tasks next to them, and I prioritize what I would need to do to get everything done. So I had a plan of action of how I was going to complete the tasks, and then work tirelessly to complete their tasks on time. And also to get mine done to now to achieve that goal. I had to stay behind late a couple of nights after work for a couple of hours. But I was more than happy to do that. I got a lot out of that situation, because I learned some skills that I hadn't previously managed to undertake. So I was diversifying my skill range, I was improving my ability to work under pressure as well. So it was a win win situation for the organization, because my manager, got somebody to complete the tasks on time. And I learned something new, which was, as I say, a win win situation.	labels:Excellent. Thank you. So how would you deal with conflict with a co worker?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Okay, now that you've explained, why do you want to join us? Can you give me top three reasons? Why should we hire you?
text:First, I'd like to say that I'm a good team player. While working on a final year project, one of our project team members fell ill. So I took over his part of the project work so that our team does not lose momentum. I also consider myself to be very active and energetic worker, I enthusiastically participate in my volunteer work with the NGO, along with a very demanding study schedule. Finally, I think I'm used to hard work and stretching whenever situations demanded.	labels:What will you do if you're not selected today?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:So moving on to your fourth question, I want to show you an object and you're going to describe to me what that object is and how I use it. Because let's pretend I've never seen this object before. What is this? And how would you explain how to use it to me though,
text:that is, it's called a mobile phone, or a phone. And it is essentially a device that allows people to communicate. And so that looked like a phone that had a touchscreen, so you would switch it on and open it up. It's also a device that allows for many other different activities such as taking photos, and listening to music by using headphones which sort of plug in To your ears, so you can hear through those. And and by connecting to the internet. So you might be able to ask a question of your phone, for example, or search for nearby restaurants. So that would involve opening up the internet function, typing in what your request is.	labels:So thank you for explaining to me how to use this object that I showed you. Why do you think I asked you to do that.
text:And so I imagine it's because communication is like a pivotal skill in medicine. And as doctors, we would have to communicate with not only other doctors and patients, but of course, like members of the multidisciplinary team, so nurses, paramedics, and I guess families, as well as for certain doctors sort of marketing in public health campaigns. And communication is sort of the essence of making sure that you are providing like good care to your patients. Because if they don't feel comfortable telling you things, and you can't explain things to them, then they don't know what kind of treatment they're on, they might not sort of understand their condition properly, or how to manage it. And you might not be able to communicate what they're sort of telling you to other doctors or nurses that might need that to sort of continue or sort of help manage their care as well.	labels:Yeah, absolutely. Okay, so moving on to your final question. And what I want to ask you is why kings? Why have you chosen this medical school, we have so many in London, so why kings.	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:All right, what is your greatest strength?
text:My greatest strength I believe is my qualifications that I have my knowledge of the job	labels:and we have several applications that people that are qualified we don't we don't interview anybody qualified. Tell me why. Tell me why we should hire you. Tell me what you got or what you have or what you bring that should make me want to hire you.
text:I feel that I would be the best person for the job.	labels:Are you are you organized? Do you make a lot of mistakes?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:If you are going to work as a medical doctor, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I volunteered as an assistant for doctors without borders when I started medical school.	labels:Where did you volunteer?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:But okay, now, can you tell me about your greatest strength?
text:Sure. I feel my greatest strength is probably my intelligence. I'm a quick learner. It doesn't take me long to pick up on new policies, new ways of doing things. And I actually enjoy it's one of the reasons I chose this profession. Because it's kind of a lifelong learning process.	labels:So you'd be okay with new training programs and everything?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I'm very social and find it very easy to speak to new people.	labels:Why does that make you a good fit?
text:I think those are important skills to have when working with customers. A customers should feel welcomed.	labels:But not all customers feel that way. How do you handle the ones who are more reserved?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:So here your hours may fluctuate between days nights, and we might need you on holidays or send you out to events or schedule them. Would that be a problem? The flexibility at all?
text:I'm already used to that working in retail, you have to kind of be available whenever. So definitely already used to that that's not a problem for me at all. I'm graduating. So school is not an issue anymore. I'm pretty open.	labels:And do you have any questions, comments or anything for me?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Okay, if you had an ideal job, what would you be doing every day?
text:I would be working, developing and helping the company to grow as my career as well.	labels:Okay, well, that's up here. Now give me give me down in the dirt level. Tell me specifically the tasks you'd be doing. Describe your typical day.	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Do you want this job?
text:Yes.	labels:All right, tell me how your education prepares you for this job.
text:The classes that I've taken the accounting and Healthcare Management financial classes now has prepared me for it.	labels:I noticed on your resume you put that you're knowledgeable familiar with CMS 1500. Can you tell me what that stands for?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:When I worked as a mailman. I got a lot of exercise during my work day.	labels:How did you work as a mailman?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I have not had an employment before, so I wouldn't know.	labels:Ok, but haven't you had any summer jobs or part time jobs before?
text:Not actually I have not. I was never interested in that stuff.	labels:Ok, but why should I hire someone that does not have any previous experience?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:So how do you prioritize the work that needs to be done in it? hardware software issues pop up all the time? Yes. So if the president of the company would phone and say hey, my PC is not working, or the security server went down, which Good, what's a priority? And how would you manage completing both?
text:we first we have to shut down all the connections around the branch, so we don't have chances of invasion or outside from dangerous, then we will prioritize, we checked make server, which is the master computer, check if it's properly connected with the older computers in the network. And then we will check out the computer which had the problem. So we will see, fix the problem. And then we will restart the network again.	labels:You realize that our organization has a huge network, not something one person can do all by itself, our department currently has about 25 technicians on board because not only do we do it on site, but we also manage it by remote guests. So how would you you know, based on time zones, and based on availability, you know, this job is 24? Seven, you're on call?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Describe your personality to me?
text:Well, I'm a dedicated worker and a people person. I enjoy working as a team. I also like to be in contact with the public.	labels:Can you tell me something about yourself?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:Yes, I like to work with others.	labels:That's good, but could you clarify why you are good working with others?
text:Absolute. When I worked at the other bakery, we were a team of five people who worked together every day.	labels:I see, which role did you have on that team?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I have a license for truck driving as well as on-the-job past truck driving experience before.	labels:How long did you do truck driving on your past employer?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:Yes, like I said before me and my dad would work on cars together.	labels:Have you worked with someone who is not your dad?
text:No, not really. When he is not working with me I usually work alone.	labels:Ok, how do you think that you would work together with someone else?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I am a good fit for warehouse hand because I am strong.	labels:Are there any other qualities that would make you suitable?
text:I am tall.	labels:I think that you need to provide longer answers.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Are you are you organized? Do you make a lot of mistakes?
text:I am well organized. Communicate with others Well, I work together with others well.	labels:how do you handle pressure?
text:Fine. Even though not right now.	labels:Tell me what your what your goals for the future. If you were to get this job. Tell me what your goals are and what you plan.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:What is the pay?	labels:You will earn 120 SEK/hour. Is this ok for you?
text:Yes, that sounds good. Better than my other jobs.	labels:Is there anything else that you would like to know?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Yes, I'm interested in knowing if you do repairs on vehicles other than cars?	labels:We do in fact to repairs on motorcycles as well as vans and trucks.
text:That's good to know. I think that's all.	labels:Are you certain you don't have any more questions?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Do you have any education in making cocktails etc?
text:Yes, I took a course in making cocktails and drinks. It should have been attached to my application.	labels:How long was the course you took?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:So can you tell me about a time either in this this life in general, but either in this position, or maybe your previous positions where you maybe ran into someone through professionally, that, you know, was having a rough time, and maybe it was a difficult time, and you had to kind of work them through that situation and what you did, what the outcome was or what you learn from it.
text:There been so many times that I feel good about the work that I do that I've heard that I have helped someone. So it's hard to pinpoint just one, but there is a client that comes to mind. And of course, I won't give too many specific details. But I felt like we kind of gave her a makeover in her life, because she, she came for a divorce, and from an abusive husband. And we got we helped her get a divorce. And unfortunately, she went back to her abusive husband, and continue to be in an awful situation, and financially ruined, and came back for another divorce in we helped her again, and this time, we helped her to get a bankruptcy to clear her credits. We helped her to clear her record. And we helped her to get her driver's license back, which was just a mess of why it had even been taken away in the first place. And helped her get child support from her abusive husband, so that she could support her five children. So I think about her and you know, she always asked for me when she would call, and I'm not sure why except I guess I was just patient with her. And she always had problems getting her documents together. And, you know, I was always being creative and how I can help serve her. And she always had to walk or catch the bus anytime because she had no driver's license. So it was a challenge. But I felt like we you know, we helped her get her life back on track.	labels:That's wonderful. And so in that situation and and other situations such as that, what do you think was the hallmark of success that allowed her to ask for you? And she called and, you know, what, what were your characteristics that you think you displayed to her? Well, I
text:delivered on what I promised. And when she called him and asked her things, sometimes multiple times the same documents that she might misplace or she didn't get or something got spilled on them. So you know, if she needed another copy of something, I got it to her, even after she was no longer our client, and she still needed the document, at the end of her bankruptcy to the certificate to show that she had discharged her debts. She needed it a couple of times since then. And she you know, she knows that she can I will deliver on what I promise. So I think that's why she asked for me.	labels:Okay, excellent. Excellent, good, good. So where do you see yourself saying the next five years?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Is there anything else in the UK in terms of culture or anything you'd like to comment on?
text:Yeah, I think I think there's a lot of job judgment in the UK woman being out and about feeding her baby it makes it hard when you've got to think okay, I've got to go shopping or I've got to go pick up my other child but the baby needs to be there and you know that people are going to look at you and kind of Judge like I had a few situations where people I'd gone into cafes to go I don't know cafes now are a lot you know, you can get the breasts to breastfeed and kind of sticker things I know we have those in Swindon. I've gone into cafes before and just had a few dirty looks a few kind of comments of older lady, particularly.	labels:So that's, let's let's do that question to a close. So how would you ensure a good work life balance on a midwifery course?
text:I know it doesn't say very difficult to work uni to kiss my husband. But I think the main thing I have to do is prioritize. So you know for three years of my life, my my life is going to be unique. Me and my husband and the children have all sat down and talked about it they totally understand they totally support me.	labels:So that brings this bit of the interview to a close. Is there anything you want to ask us? Do you have a question prepared?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:First of all, I like you company. And second, I would like to learn baking new things.	labels:What attracted you to our company.episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Am I going to work on outpatients or admitted patients?	labels:You have a choice to choose between treating outpatients or admitted ones. You can also do both.episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What I would recommend is at the end of your resume at the bottom, I would just put like, temporary contract assignment, and I would put what you were doing now with details, but just what you were doing.
text:how cuz you think that shows that I have a gap?	labels:Right, right. Right. Does that make sense?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What about your greatest weakness?
text:Now I think this is my experience. I'm still young and gaining experience in management,	labels:What are some of your personal interests outside of work?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I am involved in a volunteer project in my neighbourhood where I work together with twenty other parents in order to improve the social situation in the neighbourhood.	labels:In this project, do you have a leader position?
text:I am not a formal leader but I know my peers look up to me and seek advice for how to solve problems.	labels:Would you be interested in a leader position at the company, if that would be available in the future?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Do you have any questions about the position?
text:Yes, what different places can I expect to work at?	labels:We have security guards at shopping centres, different shops, the subway as well as at different industrial locations.episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I bake in my spare time so I definetly know my way with a lot of different foods.	labels:What kind of things have you baked?
text:I've made bread, pastries, cakes and a lot of other stuff.	labels:Do you prefer sweet or savory food?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Are you the leader? Or you're just part of the team?
text:That's that situation didn't have the leader? Well, we just separate our Should we do I was responsible to find a place I was responsible for the money to receive the money from the students. So we justified basically, it took a leadership role. Yeah.	labels:Now, in those three people that want do one person pulled their weight didn't do as much as the other two.episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:What products do you have in ou warehouse?	labels:We package coffee and coco beans.episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:When I bake in my spare-time, I often do it together with a friend of mine so we co-operate together.	labels:How do you distribute the work between yourselves?
text:My friend mixes the ingredients and I handle the dough and make the final creations.	labels:Could you tell me more about what kind of creations you have done?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I got promoted as the senior baker at the pastry shop and had the chance to learn some leadership skills.	labels:What is your main obligation as a senior baker?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What do you think sets you apart from other candidates?
text:this sort of ties into like my strengths, I'm incredibly well at communicating with people and just being with people in general, I, I tend to have people gravitate towards me when I when I go places I'm respectful, I am able to put forth any effort to help others, including myself, but others as well. And I'm just very creative as well. And I'm always able to bring like a creative aspect into a situation so.	labels:Do you have any questions for us?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:tell me a little bit about yourself?
text:Well,my name is Joy Brown. I'm 27 years old, and I'm single.	labels:How would you describe your personality?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:Sure. I work with a car test driver in my past employment.	labels:Great. What does a car test driver contribute to you as a car mechanic?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:If we choose to hire you, when can you start working?
text:I am currently in between jobs, therefore I can start working immediately.	labels:Great! We are looking to hire immediately.episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Chris, can you tell me about a challenge or conflict that you've faced in the workplace, and how you would deal with it?
text:Within the education profession, there are challenges every day, you're dealing with hundreds of different hundreds of different personalities, and interests and levels of enthusiasm. So being able to engage students with content in an enriching way, is part of overcoming a conflict or difficulty, I think building professional relationships is another way to deal with conflicts, understanding where people come from. Prior to teaching, I was involved with a photography company photographing events like weddings, and bar mitzvahs, and very, very important events in people's lives. And a lot of times conflicts will arise. So again, just like in teaching, overcoming those conflicts with patients and listening to the client or customers needs is very important.	labels:Now you are interviewing for a position, that is not an entry level position. And there is the possibility that those in our company that were overlooked for this position may have some animosity regarding the new hire for this position. So how do you approach this potential challenge here at the workplace?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:You have applied for the job as a truck driver. What do you think is interesting about this job?
text:I love to be on the road and I like the freedom this job provides.	labels:It is a freedom that comes with responsibility. Are you able to handle responsibility by yourself?
text:Yes, I have a strong work ethic. I work hard and I am always on time.	labels:Being on time is important in this job. Are you used to work with tight work schedules?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:How was your position there? What did what were you doing day to day? What were the things you were pushing?
text:Well, that was a temporary contract. I obviously took it on because my previous, my previous role had layoffs. So I decided to, you know, keep myself active in the job market. And I decided to take on this type of position. And yeah, I had various, you know, support activities. For one of the C level executives, I was actually assisting the SVP of HR. And it included everything from calendar management, scheduling, both domestic and international travel, a lot of Outlook. Yeah, it was pretty much you know, the full year again.	labels:So do you want to go down the executive assistant path is that somewhere where you see yourself from there striving?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I like cars. And I would like to learn more about car repairments.	labels:I see. Do you have any previous experience of working with cars or car repairment?
text:Yes, I have some experience.	labels:Could you prehaps expand on that?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I worked at a kindergarden before, and we were several teachers that worked together.	labels:What was the working relationship like?
text:We would make sure that we knew what all the children were up to. So we had to communicate about where all the children were.	labels:Where there any conflicts among the staff when you worked there and how was it resolved?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:Being a long-haul driver before, our employer allows us to rest every four hours of drive.	labels:How's your salary like on your past employer?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:If you are going to work at our cargo company, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:Yes. I have a codriver working with me where we exchange shifts during more than eight-hour-long drives.	labels:Are you comfortable working with a codriver?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:How do you like your collegues?	labels:I like my colleagues. Anything else?
text:What is the salary?	labels:25000	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Could you please describe your previous job experience?
text:Yes, I graduated from university in 1990 and started working for sanwa Bank. I've been with sama bank up until now.	labels:Why are you leaving?
text:I'm looking for a job with more responsibility and flexibility. I see.	labels:Were you ever promoted?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Do I get any discounts in the store?	labels:All employees get 20 percent of on all articles.episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Can us give me an example when you've worked as part of a team?
text:User: We can change the specification and deliver it on time. So everybody was on board, each time the client came back to us. And they change their mind. It wasn't a problem. We sat down, we regrouped. And we changed our direction. Sometimes people in the team had to do different things. So for example, I had to take on a task that I wasn't particularly familiar with. But I went away learns how to do it came back and carried out that task to the right standard. Thankfully, we completed the project on time, and it was a great motivator for everyone in the team. Because despite all of the challenges, we still managed to complete the project on time and to the required specification. And I'm pleased to say that that client actually ended up coming back to the business no fewer than five times to users on further occasions. So it's a really good experience for everyone within the team.	labels:Thank you for that answer, Richard. I did previously notice that you stated that you enjoyed working under pressure. With this in mind. Can you tell me about a time when you completed a difficult task under pressure?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I have worked in retail for 1 year at another store in the city, so I consider myself experienced.	labels:Ok! And did you work in retail for clothes then too?
text:Yes, fashion is my passion.	labels:What was the store called?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I believe I am good at being both personal and professional at the same time, which is important in this job.	labels:What does it mean to be professional in your work, according to you?
text:Professionalism is about knowing what you are employed to do and to handle every client with respect.	labels:Is showing and receiving respect something that is important to you in terms of being a healthcare worker?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Well, do you have any questions for me?
text:Well, I am interested in what kind of training you would provide, I noticed in the job posting that it did say training is a possibility. So do you have a plan that you in place for training? Or is that something that you would assess as needed?	labels:Yes, so the initial what we call ramping up period, when you join the firm, you would be you'd have a mentor, so a paralegal that has been here much longer and more senior. I mean, the topics are wide, you know, from how to dress in the courtroom to the lowly lead better, you know, Equal Employment Act. And I would say in addition to that, if there was something that came up that you know, another association or another type of webinar or something that you want to attend, then you just have to, you know, talk to the office manager and see if that would work into the budget and in the schedule.
text:That sounds good. I like the idea of a mentor and it sounds like you value ongoing trainings. So that is a good thing. Yes. Can you tell me about the history of the position? Has it been vacant for long is it a new position? Sure.	labels:So we're actually going to be having two positions. One is a new position, it's a growth position, the caseload where we had the paralegals assigned to different attorneys that the caseload has just been growing at a rate that that that proportionality of ratio showing of paralegal to attorney, we need a new position. So that's a growth position. The other position, the person that occupied the physician previously, went on maternity leave and decided she didn't want to come back. So it is a replacement position. She had been here about six years before she went on maternity leave. So okay.
text:How soon do you think that you'll make a decision in your hiring process?	labels:Sure. So we are conducting interviews through the end of this week, I would say on Friday, we're going to meet as a committee and just kind of discuss the potential candidates, I would say, I would expect by Friday, for every bit everybody to be notified of what the next step is, it may be you know, we want to have a callback interview. Or it may be that maybe that person isn't the right fit. Or it may be, you know, a job offer if it's just the perfect fit for the position. So but my Friday, you should know something I'd say Friday.	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Okay. My name is Emely and I will be doing the interview with you today, we're gonna ask you a number of questions for your suitability for the role. So if you can start with if you can tell me about yourself, that'd be great.episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I have a lot of experience in the field and have worked on a lot of different projects.	labels:Interesting, what projects have you worked on before?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:When I worked as a staff nurse, I worked with other nurses like me. We help each other with our responsibilities.	labels:What help did they get from you as their fellow nurse?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I would say that I'm efficient.	labels:Can you give an example of what makes you efficient
text:I have ADHD and it makes me energetic which I can use to do work. But I'm not good at sitting down	labels:Okay, do you ever feel like your ADHD it's an impediment?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Can you tell me about your previous job experience, please?
text:Sure. While I studied at university, I worked as an intern at Avery publishing. I worked in the main office. After I graduated, I worked in the same place full time. I worked in administration at the main office. I was there for four years.	labels:Tell me about your experience there.
text:As an office intern, I just helped with Office support. When I became full time, I was an administration assistant. I helped my boss with her projects.	labels:How did you like the company?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Now you are interviewing for a position, that is not an entry level position. And there is the possibility that those in our company that were overlooked for this position may have some animosity regarding the new hire for this position. So how do you approach this potential challenge here at the workplace?
text:The important thing is to listen to the people around me and understand that I am a newcomer, and that they know more about the work environment than I will coming in. I think because I have a friendly demeanor, and I'm not confrontational. When meeting new people that in time, we'll have a chance to earn each other's mutual respect. And understand that we both want the same thing, the company to grow and us to grow within the company.	labels:Where do you see yourself in five years, specifically, he within our company?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What do you think your best quality is?
text:My best quality would probably have to be my energy, like being energetic. I'm a really big conversing. I'm open. I love being friendly, big family friends.	labels:Great. That's great, because we are like a family here. So we want team players. Can you give me an example of how you would handle a stressful situation?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:If you are going to work in our shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:Yes, when working in retail before I had some wonderful colleagues.	labels:Did you always work together or did you also work alone sometimes?
text:We usually worked in pairs.	labels:How did you like that?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:I see on your resume that you put that you're familiar with ICD tm, you tell me what that stands for.
text:That is the the system which is used to code in as far as we're billing procedures, this used the medical office in order to build companies on the CMS 1500 in order for the company or the doctor's office or hospital to get paid.	labels:And they recently updated?
text:right. The ICD nine is the old system, which from what I understand, I think the United States is probably the only one is still using ICD nine. And they're trying to transition that CT as C, D T and which has become a difficult task. Because a lot of people that are resistant to change.	labels:How are you with change?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I have worked as a truck driver for 5 years and love it!	labels:Ok! You have some good experience that will come of use. Do you like the occupation?
text:Yeah, I was born for this!	labels:have you had any other job besides truck driving?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I often do work with my friends who have a similar interest in repairing cars. We help each other and teach each other new skills.	labels:What kind of skills have you taught to others in those cases?
text:I am very good at welding so I often help my friends with welding.	labels:Do you have any formal training in terms of welding?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:If you are going to work in our shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I have a good record of working with others. As I said I'm very social and like to talk.	labels:What is important to make working with others easy?
text:To be friendly with each other makes it easier. If you are friends, you have some respect for each other and that makes it easier to work with each other.	labels:Can you work with someone you are not friends with?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:My best experience was when we had a collection from one of my favourite designers.	labels:What made you enjoy this so much?
text:I loved recommending our customers this range of clothes, because I knew they were the best.	labels:Would you be able to work with clothes from another designer as well?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:What are the overtime compensations?	labels:Overtime is compensated with 120% of your regular salary. Do you have any other questions?
text:Is that the standard in the industry?	labels:Yes it is.	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Okay, so I've heard of quite a few companies. Can you give an example of what you do?
text:Yes, that is a really great experience for me, because I can see a lot of classes people because I work at Roy Thompson Hall and the typical like Bell boss, especially the typical light Bell box is a p&i and pen it means a press and industry. So I can see the main industry, the filmmakers, and the press, and the Reuters know there is a specialist in the really uppercross really rich person.	labels:what exactly did you do?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:When I bake for my family I always get special requests that I have to keep in mind while working.	labels:How do you think that can be applied in the workspace?
text:Costumers will probably have special requests such as allergies or just preferences of how they want their food. Therefor it's an upside that I can change my recipes depending on the person I'm baking for.	labels:Do you have any allergies that affect you while you work?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Describe your typical day.
text:My typical day. Let's see. Starting from sleeping, waking up.	labels:We don't get that detail. When you walk in the door for work.episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Chris, what would you identify as your greatest professional strengths?
text:I think patience is probably my greatest strength that translates across the careers. Being able to listen to a student or customers difficulty and help them overcome that difficulty with patience and compassion is my greatest strength.	labels:Would you consider any weaknesses that you have to be detrimental to the job?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:When can I start?	labels:The position is open and we will hire as soon as we find the perfect fit.
text:I understand. When can I expect to get back from you?	labels:We will be in contact within a week.	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:If you are going to work in our warehouse, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I can't think of any.	labels:Have you ever communicated directly with any costumers?
text:Not really. I've only ever dealt with their orders.	labels:Did you have any co-workers at your previous positions?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:When I worked at a restaurant. I loved cooking and coming up with new recipes.	labels:Did you come up with any recipes from scratch?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:How would you describe your personality?
text:I'm hard working, eager to learn. I enjoy working with other people. And I love challenges.	labels:Could you tell me something about yourself?
text:Yes. My name is Julie Thompson. I'm married. I have three kids, one son and two daughters.	labels:How would you describe yourself?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:So do you often let emotions impact your decisions?
text:I feel that I'm passionate about what I do, because I'm an emotional person. For example, my decision to volunteer for an NGO was an emotional choice to begin with. Because of this character trait. I respect people and care about others. And it has helped me deal with people in a better and more effective way. However, over time, I've realized the need to control my emotions to be more effective. I've actually discussed this issue with one of my teachers at college, and she advised me to practice yoga to help me detach and control my emotions better. And I hope to see some results soon.	labels:That's excellent. Can you tell me something about your participation in extracurricular activities in school level and college?
text:During my school years, I was very involved in extracurricular activities. At school, I participated in two student bodies, the social service Li and the math club. I was a secretary of the social service league for two years, and I was also part of the school volleyball team. My NGO experience proved invaluable in in organizing this event. I'm not an active member of any other student groups at college because I like to devote most of my free time to volunteering for the programs organized by the NGO.	labels:Samira, I can see that you're really passionate about your voluntary work at this NGO. Let us talk about your course. What can you tell me about your final your project?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Have you ever studied outside of the university?
text:Yes, I've studied on my own and I took an evening course at a small computer school.	labels:Tell me a little about your educational background.	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:It's really unusual but I really enjoyed working at a fast food restaurant.	labels:What was special about the fast food place?
text:My co-workers were really great. They quickly turned into my close friends.	labels:Are you still in contact with these friends?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:We here at Rei, you know it is being in customer service, there are aspects of your job that are going to be a little less active than I could expect. You being in a teaching position where I assume you're on your feet more one on one face to face with individuals. Do you prefer a specific type of work environment? Do you thrive in a variety of work environments? And what does this look like?
text:Well, I thrive in a variety of work environments, I wouldn't expect to be sitting in a cubicle interacting with customers unless I'm handling a phone call. And that's fine. That's part of the job. But what I would expect is to be actively engaged with the customers who come into the store, and helping show them the products that might best suit their needs and introducing them to products that they might not have considered before. So what I've expected to be up moving around and being consistently engaged with a customer, or trying to find ways to improve what we offer to our customers.	labels:Can you describe a time for me ever that you may have disagreed on a decision that was made for you and staff members at work? And how did you deal with this?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What makes you fit well as a taxi driver?
text:I love to drive, and I like to talk to people. I am also very good at remebering street names.	labels:Are you a good driver?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Tell me about your career goals. Or if you were to receive this job, what is your plan? What's your long term goal?
text:My long term goals right now is to own my own business. If I was to get this job, I would continue to work this job and continue my education. My plans right now is continuing my education and get a Bachelor's in accounting and in advance about a master's in accounting and I would cause continue to work this job and my ultimate goal is to own my own health, home healthcare service business.	labels:Do you have any questions for me?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:When our employer lets us leave early when our quota was done before the shift ends.	labels:How many quotas do you need to meet on a workday?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Can you tell me a little bit more about the skills that you would transfer from your previous line of work to our department here?
text:In education, it's all about making the customer or student feel comfortable and helping them grow. I feel that within a company like Rei, it's the same philosophy, getting a customer comfortable with the product and helping them grow as they advance in whatever sport they happen to be participating in.	labels:Why do you think that our company should hire you specifically amongst our pool of candidates that are interviewing for this position?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Working as a security guard you need to be able to work in a pair together with a colleague. Does this work for you?
text:Yes, I am a sociable person and like working with people.	labels:It is a bonus if you get to know the client aswell, does this work for you?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:How do you deal with the public?
text:I try to treat my customers with respect and patience.	labels:How do you handle stressful situations?
text:Now try to stay as calm as possible. When I'm with a customer, I like to be respectful and responsible.	labels:Can you give me an example from your personal experience?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I like cars and I would like to get better as a mechanic.	labels:What is your favourite car to work on?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:How do you cope with working under stress?
text:I am fine with that. I am used to working under stress.	labels:Great. Could you give me an example of a job you have had where you had to handle stress?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I liked to work as a firefighter.	labels:What did you enjoy the most working as a firefighter?
text:Helping other people.	labels:Are you good at handling other people?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What is your greatest strength?
text:My greatest strength is persistence. I work really hard and I don't give up easily.	labels:Can you give me an example?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:All right, we're going to Then move on to some cognitive behavioral questions. And basically, these questions are designed. They're not necessarily about your past your experience, they're sort of out of the box questions. And so just do your best at answering them as we go through this. So, if you were an animal, what would you be? And why?
text:That's a tough question. I think, considering the traits of my dog, if I had to be an animal, I would certainly want to be a domesticated dog. They just have that ability to love unconditionally. They're intensely loyal. And they just provide so many benefits to people. That's something I'd like to do in my life as a human to great.	labels:The next question, how many tennis balls can you fit into a limousine?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:What do you like about attending those car expos?	labels:Did you get a chance to repair an electric car?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I had been a part of the production team in a cafe before. We are composed of three production bakers.	labels:What is your main task as a part of that team?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I have a technical aptitude that makes me able to work with mechanical problems.	labels:What car mechanical problems do you usually solve?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:How are you research skills?
text:Pretty good. I did a lot of research when I was at the university. And I also did a lot of research on the internet at my previous job.	labels:Could you describe your ideal job?
text:Yes, my ideal job would be challenging, but secure. Job me more.	labels:Why challenging?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I had been a car mechanic for five years and took a course as an electric car technician for two years.	labels:What cars have you handled before?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:I know you are a new baking company here. Do you have other branches elsewhere?	labels:Yes. We have branches in New York, London, and Japan.episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:How many days a week should I work?	labels:The job requires you to work for five days a week.episode_done:True
text: 	labels:When you're interviewing someone for a job, what qualities are you looking for?
text:actually looking for qualities, more so that deal with teamwork, ability to attention to detail, and see if they can work by themselves at times, we know that all times they won't be able to but the ability to be to take self initiative and to work alone.	labels:If you would tell me how many times you think and say a six month period, it's okay to be late to work.	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:How would you describe yourself?
text:I like being with people and helping people. I enjoy problem solving and challenging work. And I'm serious about my work. But I also like to have fun.	labels:Tell me a little about yourself.
text:My name is Annette Johnson. But most people call me and I'm originally from Boston. But I've lived in Santa for eight years now.	labels:Have you finished your studies?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:You have applied for the job as construction worker. What do you think seems fun about this job?
text:In general, I like to build things. Being a part of that process really makes me want to perform.	labels:Have you have any other experince in construction?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:When I did volunteer work for malnourished children in Asia.	labels:What job role have you played while working there?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Can you tell me about your education?
text:Yes, I studied political science at Michigan State University in Lansing for four years. I got my bachelor's degree in 1990. For the past two years, I've been attending union law school on the weekends. But I haven't finished yet.	labels:Do you plan to finish your law degree?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:I'm actually a Penn State graduate as well. Um, can you tell me what your greatest strength is Kelsey?
text:My greatest strength would definitely be that I'm a team player. I've grown up with brothers and sisters and on several teams growing up. So I really know how to work well with people.	labels:What's your greatest weakness?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Since we get paid by the hour. Do we get overtime payment?	labels:Yes, you get overtime payment. Will you be able to work late if needed?
text:Yes, sometimes. I have children so I need to be able to plan ahead.	labels:Of course. How old are your children?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:My best experience is when the company I worked for in the past arranges team building every year.	labels:What did you like about team building?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What skills do you have that would help you on this job?
text:I have computer experience. I can use Microsoft and T Word and Excel. I speak some Japanese. And I'm good at sales and networking as well.	labels:How about doing PR?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Can you tell me about what you know about this company and our products?
text:Of course. I know that you are a big restaurant franchise and that your food is very popular. Everyone I know have heard about you and loves your food.	labels:Thank you. Is there any other specific reason that makes you apply for a job here?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:If you are going to work at our cargo company, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I have usually get a long well with other people.	labels:That is nice, but do you have any experience working with other people?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Elizabeth, your first question today is why medicine.
text:I think, for me, I'm really interested in helping people and having like a career where I can actively see like the difference that I make in the world. And so when I was looking into medicine and other healthcare roles, I looked into other roles that support doctors like nursing and parent paramedics. But I think medicine kind of stood out for me in like their inability to diagnose and have that kind of, it's a bit like a detective story where you can work out exactly what is wrong with the patient and come to the conclusion of how best to treat them. And I think I really value the the work that people like paramedics do in in helping in really critical situations. But I think the breadth of medicine was really something that kind of drew me towards that in particular. And yeah,	labels:yeah, great. And as you mentioned, there are many different healthcare staff members, so why not nursing because they have a similar kind of patient facing role. So what made you decide that actually, I want to be a doctor instead+
text:And so I looked into nursing. And I think there's a lot of capacity now actually, in nursing to learn a lot more about for example, diagnosing. And so there's lots of nurses in GP practices that also help with taking consultations on their own and supporting doctors in that way. But I think, although the work is incredibly valuable that nurses do, and I think for me, I wanted something where I had that constant progression, and was able to keep on learning keep on looking into different spheres of medicine and and sort of have again, like I said, that kind of width of knowledge.	labels:Yeah, absolutely. And when it comes to being a doctor, are there any aspects of medicine or becoming a doctor that you're worried about? Or you think might be downsides to the job?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Have you ever been promoted?
text:Yes, twice.	labels:And how would you describe your experience there?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:How long have you been working for your current employer?
text:For five years. In general, I've been in the reservoir engineering industry for over 10 years, and I have over five years of experience in management positions.	labels:Excellent. And why do you want to leave that job?
text:Now I'm looking for a company where I can grow and expand my experience in this industry. That is why I'm so interested in joining a huge agency like yours.	labels:Did you quit your first job? Or did you get fired?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Can you describe a time for me ever that you may have disagreed on a decision that was made for you and staff members at work? And how did you deal with this?
text:Sure, within the field of education, there are new initiatives being rolled out all the time. And sometimes those initiatives get mandated. You have to teach this way this many times a week. And when something like that happens, I think it's important to go back to what you know about your profession or your skill set and be able to provide research that supports why you do what you do. And I think when faced with the difficulty again, it's important to do what the boss says. And it's an important to also advocate for what might be best for the customer or student.	labels:All right, we're gonna Then move on to some cognitive behavioral questions. And basically, these questions are designed. They're not necessarily about your past your experience, they're sort of out of the box questions. And so just do your best at answering them as we go through this. So, if you were an animal, what would you be? And why?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:If you are going to work in our warehouse, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:Not really, I have been unemployed for 3 years. But I like people!	labels:I see! Why have you been unemployed for so long?
text:Because I have been sick and unable to work.	labels:What makes you think that you will not be sick here as well?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I love cakes and bread.	labels:But you know, that you are supposed to bake them, not eat them.
text:Aha, I thought that I would work as a food taster.	labels:No, I think that you have the wrong idea of what a baker does.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Okay, so start telling me about yourself.
text:My name is Kai in and then you can call me Keon. And I just graduated from segi University with a degree in financial management. And during my study time, I learned a lot about our management, accounting, financial management, and corporate finance. So I have the knowledge of appropriate knowledge in finance, and also participate in a few activities in my university. Forward, for example, is he was assigned to raise a fund for refugees school, and then he was assigned five members. And then in this activity, we get to brainstorm what kind of product that we want to sell. And then what is our strategy to promote our products. And also, how are we going to achieve the expected sales?	labels:Those are full time job?
text:No, it's actually an activity extra extra activity in my university. Yeah, that's what we sell	labels:Okay, then can you know what kind of why you apply for this position?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:How long are the work shifts?	labels:You will work for 9 hours.
text:Ok! But I am free on weekends?	labels:Yes, the workdays are between monday and friday.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What experience have you had?
text:I'm not quite experienced, but I'll be totally here to learn about it and help the company if I want to do it.	labels:Have you had any experience with SQL Server?
text:SQL Server?	labels:Okay. What about any of the other OSS like Linux?
text:Unix? Yes, I have applied to be the experience for Linux.	labels:Okay. Can you tell me where specifically?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Yes, do I get to drive the same truck all the time, or would I change?	labels:You would get you own truck. But we typically change trucks each fifth year.
text:Hopefully I will not work here for five years.	labels:That does not sounds like the attitude that we are looking for.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What would be your ideal job?
text:I would be a PR representative for major international airline. I'd love to travel around the world and meet all kinds of people.	labels:What is your greatest strength?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Right now. Do you have any questions of ourselves?
text:And I'am really interesting to position when can I hear from you?	labels:While we're, as you're aware, we're doing the preliminary evaluations today. In fairness to all the candidates that are putting forth their skills and abilities for consideration, it'll probably take us a week to 10 days. Laurie, and I will deliberate at the at the conclusion of our interviews today. And we'll be in touch with the candidates for a second, but then further evaluations within the next seven to 10 days.
text:What are the most common problems if you did not work?	labels:Probably, we're looking at the user errors. We have. The network is stable, we have a 99% reliability in terms of accessibility. So it's predominantly either hardware breakage, or software malfunctions. So they need to be it's more of a I've got to use the term more of a database administrator role, from a software perspective in the hardware is, right fix user errors, they drop coffee on the keyboard doesn't work on a core pulls the cord out has to be rebooted. They're only end users. We're not techies, just like myself, you know, I can use a computer but doesn't mean I can restart it. Yes. Okay.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Have you got any past experience working as a taxi driver?
text:No, I have never worked as a taxi driver before.	labels:What have you worked as previously?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Do you have any questions?
text:May I ask what the specific responsibilities for this position?	labels:You'll be expected to be in the office during office hours, which is from 8am until 5:30pm, Monday through Friday. You'll also be expected to answer incoming telephone calls and to help walk in customers. You'll also be expected to work with typing, filing and some data entry.
text:You tell me about the history of the company?	labels:We started our company in 1980. And we began in New York. But we moved here in 1990. Since then, we've opened in 10 states across the eastern US. Would you like to ask me any questions?
text:What kind of person are you looking for?	labels:Well, we're looking for a responsible person who can handle pressure As someone with experience and training is good, but not necessary.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?
text:I feel happy to serve customers.	labels:What customers have you served before?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Okay, then can you know what kind of why you apply for this position?
text:I apply in this position because I am interested in working as a credit analyst and and also, I would like to work in the banking sector. So credit analyst is definitely one of my stuffing stack to get into the banking sector.	labels:And guess what do you learn about banking?
text:because banking, I can practice my expertise, my what I study in my university, because I study finance. So I think banking sector is would be a place that I can practice my knowledge.	labels:But to practice knowledge, we still have a lot, a lot of industry to joining, but why choose banking, banking, can be financial analyst, IT company, or you can even join audit firm, to be an accountant, you start probably don't even know, but why choose banking?
text:And then, of course, the industry is very stable. So looking for a more stable company instead of microSD. With Greek kind of industry, that's where I choose some banking sector.	labels:What is your long term goal?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:absolutely. And so you mentioned that you'd like to write down the feelings behind that. So is that something you do often? And why do you think that reflection is an important skill as a doctor?
text:Well, that's an interesting question. So I think that is important for me, because it helps me see why I am procrastinating or why I'm not doing the job that I'm trying to get done. And I think that by looking at sort of the reasons behind that, that allows me to sort of combat them rather than be distracted by the task itself. And I think reflection and sort of improvement is really critical in medicine, because it allows clinicians to constantly be thinking about ways in which they can continue to develop their skills, their communication. And given how fast paced or how stressful a lot of medicine is, you might not get that time while you're in a consultation, it might be something that you have to think about afterwards. And kind of consider how it might work if there was a different patient in the room, or how you might have to sort of change the way that you communicate with somebody if, for example, English wasn't their first language.	labels:Yeah, absolutely. very valid points. So Elizabeth, for your third question, this is going to be a bit of an ethical dilemma, as I'm sure you're aware, we face many of these in medicine every single day. And this one today concerns two patients that are both in need of a lung transplant. The first is a 12 year old girl who has cystic fibrosis, which is a chronic condition that affects your lungs. And the second patient that concerns a 62 year old chronic smoker who has a wife and two children, and he has very damaged lungs from smoking. So who in your opinion should get the organ because there is only one organ available?
text:Well, obviously, that's a really difficult and horrible situation. But it does sort of go to show that there's sort of our decisions being made, where resources have to be put one way and not another. And so I don't have an immediate answer. But if you don't mind, I'm gonna work through what I'm thinking and then hopefully, it will come to a conclusion. So I guess, in terms of the ethical principles behind sort of medicine, and there's autonomy, which is like the patient's right to choose. So it's, it's a really hard situation. And but I think given the the age of the patients, I would probably give it to the younger to the child who was suffering with cystic fibrosis, if other considerations couldn't, and sort of if there were no other treatments available.	labels:Yeah, absolutely. I think, as you mentioned, it's a very difficult scenario. And I don't think there is any right or wrong answer. But as you highlighted, it's so important that we don't discriminate based on, you know, the fact that he is a smoker, and you could argue it's a self inflicted disease, because that's not how we make decisions in medicine at all. We treat people with equal fairness, no matter what. So really nice answer. Thank you. Okay. So moving on to your fourth question, I want to show you an object and you're going to describe to me what that object is and how I use it. Because let's pretend I've never seen this object before. What is this? And how would you explain how to use it to me though,	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I don't know, it is hard to tell. There is not necessarily only one thing that I have enjoyed more than anything else.	labels:But if you had to choose one thing, what would it be?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What's your greatest weakness?
text:My greatest weakness would definitely be that I worry too much. I think that things aren't going to go well and it gets in my head but I just need to get my priorities straight and I move along well, they can always be a good thing.	labels:What's one of your proudest moments?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:We had a project where we reorganized the entire warehouse last year. A lot of new things happened which made working more fun.	labels:And what kind of role did you have in this reorganization?
text:I was involved in part of the planning since I had worked there for quite a while.	labels:Did you get to make any decisions in the planning?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Do you have any special skills that would help you do This job?
text:Yes, I'm pretty good with computers. I've used Microsoft Office a lot. And I know how to troubleshoot problems. How fast can you type? I can type about 60 words a minute.	labels:Any other skills that would help you?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:My best experience is when I got my hands on my first electric car repair.	labels:That's nice. How's your experience with electric cars?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:How do you handle stressful situations in your work?
text:I have a lot of experience with stressful situations and I can handle them well.	labels:Ok, can you give any examples of a stressful situation and how you handled it?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Working as a taxi driver you need to be able to work during different time shifts. Is this okay for you?
text:Yes, this is fine.	labels:Have you ever worked the night shift before? One of our shifts is between 10 PM-06 AM.episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:what exactly did you do?
text:So I can see that people too, so that I can see a lot of standing together, and clicking and also the customer and introducing our theater, and they're informed that a lot of information like a hostess. Oh, yeah.	labels:So what experience did you gain from this?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Why should I hire you?
text:You should hire me because I'm a recent graduate. I'm young. And so I think it's important that I need to just as much as you wouldn't even get your company.	labels:Well said Well said, if you have any questions for me?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I really like to help people, it makes me happy.	labels:Is there anything else you like about this job?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I like helping people, so when I worked as a nurse in the hospital I really felt that I made a difference in the world.	labels:What type of work did you do in the hospital?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Where do you see yourself in 5 years
text:I am aiming at becoming a manager of this branch	labels:Do you have any work experience of being a manager?
text:No, not yet.	labels:Do you have any study background in terms of leadership and organization?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:So you're here for our visual editor position.
text:Yes,	labels:tell me a little bit about yourself?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:You have applied for the job as a truck driver. What do you think is interesting about this job?
text:I like driving long roads.	labels:How long did you drive on a day on your past job? (if any)episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:If you are going to work at our cargo company, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I used to be a taxi driver not to long ago, so I'm used to interacting with people while I'm driving.	labels:The key difference between a taxi and a truck is that there are no passengers in a truck. How do you feel about that?
text:I've become more of an introvert these last couple of years so like I mentioned before minimal interaction would not be a problem for me.	labels:How do you feel about the fact that you would have to communicate with other employees?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I liked to manage the time reports in previous jobs.	labels:Do you see yourself as manager material in the future?
text:Yes, after a gain some experience I would like to further my career in your company.	labels:I assume that your career is important to you then?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Consider a situation where you're assigned a new project on the very first day joining in for future what will be your approach towards the starting of this project?
text:I would first try to understand the problem statement and define what we're trying to achieve from that project. Then I would do a bit of research if such a project has been done within the company, by some group or outside the organization by anyone else. Once I'm armed with this knowledge, I will discuss my specific roles and responsibilities with my manager and as Next step, I will create a personal plan for activities assigned to me. throughout the project, I will try to keep my manager updated on my progress.	labels:If we move you to a rural area, will you be able to manage?
text:I'm sure I will be able to manage. I have worked in rural areas and stayed there as part of my NGO work. Although I'm open to traveling to rural areas as a part of like project or research activity. I don't expect to be posted there for a long time.	labels:That's a fair answer. Samira, I imagine you have looked over the job profile info future has in mind for you. What do you find the most attractive about the job?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:Basically, I think that helping people is very meaningful.	labels:What about it is meaningful?
text:Helping people makes me feel important and it gives me a purpose in life to feel that I'm doing something good.	labels:Okay I understand.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:How will your education help you with this position?
text:My education has taught me how to work hard and how to succeed. It also taught me a lot about society, and business environment.	labels:Please tell me about your formal education.	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:So how's your day going?
text:It's good. How are you doing?	labels:I'm doing very well. How are your classes going this year?
text:um, they're winding down. So everything's going pretty well excited to graduate and all that fun stuff.	labels:So you clearly applied for a position here at Macy's. And I just wanted to use this interview prior for 10, 15 minutes right in between there to get a better sense of who you are as an individual. Because after looking through your resume and seeing you worked at Ulta, you have all this customer service experience, just to see how you fit in here. Okay, and all the skills you've learned how you can use them here.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I have worked many years in healthcare. I like to work with people.	labels:Can you describe your previous experience working with people? Especially some difficult situations.
text:Of course. Sometimes it can be difficult when working with people who don't want help or are rude because of their disease. I have to remind myself that it's not me they are frustrated with but it can be hard at times.	labels:I understand, but it's good that you are aware of this. Without that skill this job will be difficult.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What makes you fit well as a construction worker?
text:I like details, and I am quite strong.	labels:Do you have any other characteristics that would be suitable for the job?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I think that I have what it takes to make this work.	labels:Could you perhaps explain a bit more in detail?
text:I am determined to be the best car mechanic ever.	labels:You have not really answered my question. What makes you suitable for this position?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:You have applied for the job as receptionist. What makes you a good fit?
text:I like to talk to people and I'm always nice and pragmatic.	labels:I see. Can you give an example of a situation where it was difficult to do so?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Is there any opportunity for growth with your company within three years?	labels:Yes, you can be a senior baker where you can participate in product development of limited edition artisan pastries sooner or later, depending on your performance.episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:How often will I have to work on weekends?	labels:Our employees work in shifts. But generally every other weekend you will have to work.
text:Ok! No problems. How long are the work days?	labels:You will be required to work 8-9 hours during your shifts.	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Could you describe your ideal job?
text:Yeah, that's a good question. I'd like to work in a challenging job in marketing. I would like to work for an international financial company. I'd enjoy doing some travel and meeting new people.	labels:And what kind of hours would you like?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:What's the salary?	labels:It's 150 per hour. Anything else?
text:And when does it start?	labels:We want someone to start in two weeks. Would that work for you?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You have applied for a position in customer support. What kind of skills do you have that make you a good fit?
text:I am very friendly with people and like to make customers satisfied.	labels:How do you make customers satisfied?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I studied food safety and sanitation standards.	labels:What course did you study?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Okay, well, do you have any questions for me as your prospective manager?
text:Okay, so going forward. There. I have seen some staffing issues, especially during night shift. Okay. And I was wondering what know, what's being done?	labels:What are we doing about that? Yeah. So, you know, I've spoken to my colleagues and to the people above me, and we're, we're looking at ways to create more fluidity within the budget, right, perhaps, you know, we're looking at hiring new nurses and, you know, as a new nurse, you very well may find yourself on night shifts. That's why you may be the vanguard of our of our staffing solution, if you will.	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I really enjoyed working in healthcare previously. My best experience was getting to see our patients get better over time.	labels:Do you have any bad experiences from previous jobs?
text:Not really.	labels:What you an optimal workday look like for you?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What special skills do you have for this job?
text:I have good organizational skills. I worked as head office administrator for a while I had to organize the staff in the office laugh.	labels:Do you have any computer skills?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Why? Why do you want this particular position here within within our customer service department?
text:Because I want to start in a position that allows me to learn everything about the company from the very basic level of interacting with the customers all the way up throughout the sales process, the marketing process and the production of goods and services. When I saw the opportunity for customer service, I thought it aligned very well with the skill set that I have. And also with some skills that I could bring to the company that might be unique.	labels:Can you tell me a little bit more about the skills that you would transfer from your previous line of work to our department here?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Tell me a bit about yourself.
text:Of course. Personally or about myself as a working person?	labels:You can do both. First about you as a person and them about your work experience.episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I love cars, specifically working with engines.	labels:Do you work with your car at home?
text:Yes, whenever I get a chance I am working on my car at home.	labels:Do you have more than one car?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Do you have any questions for me?
text:Yes, I would like to know how did this job first become available? And what do you consider the ideal candidate for this particular job,	labels:The job has become available because the person that did it previously has been promoted, which we are very happy with. And the ideal candidate will be someone that can come in that is detail oriented, task oriented, and can get immersed in our culture. Because every work culture is a little different. And learning how we do things, how we expect what we expect, and getting along with people and the customers is a key component of this job. That's what we're looking for. Do you think you would be able to do that?
text:Yes, sir. I think so.	labels:You have any other question?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:If you would tell me how many times you think and say a six month period, it's okay to be late to work.
text:six month period now coming from the United States Air Force, we know there are times being late. We give you three strikes three times in a six month, three times in a six month period. And normally you have processes and procedures that you would follow up with those lateness. For instance, if you're going to be late, we've already told you ahead of time, what you need to do to ensure that your supervisor, whoever's in charge knows why you being late.	labels:What would your previous coworker say about you? If we went to talk to your last job and said, Tell us about Tamra, what would they say is your greatest quality?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I worked as an assistant to a maternity doctor for two years.	labels:What are your tasks look like daily as an assistant?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:That's fine.Tell me about your your biggest accomplishment. Tell me something you've done that was surprising that you weren't prepared for that you've learned about yourself or about the company.
text:I didn't think that I would be able to go in there and learn everything as fast as I do. At the end of the few months. I've been there getting patients registered.	labels:I see on your resume that you worked at Michelle's salon as cashiers as generally a fast paced job do you have any issues they are able to keep up?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:When my past employer holds an annual car mechanic competition to repair a car.	labels:How did you do in that competition?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:It's interesting to work for a company that does repair big vehicles like you.	labels:Do you have experience repairing trucks?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Okay. That's great. Can you tell me what your professors would say is your greatest strength?
text:Well, my greatest strength is, or a couple of them? Well, what my professors would say is that my greatest strength is my smile, but that's beside the point. I would say that my, one of my greatest strengths is my ability to be unperturbed. absolving things that happened, but I always try to keep it straight head on, keep calm and their situations and you know, fix the problem. I'm pretty much Yeah. That's, that's one of my biggest strength molecule, amulets, others for you. I would say that I would bring a lot of energy to the environment, to any any religious situation that I'm in. And I know that that's a really important thing to have on this unit, because you want a staff member who is able to be cheerful, to be positive, that's, you know, they do have answer as reality you want them to get in through getting through the day, you know, as, as best as he can.	labels:Okay, yeah, that's, that's great. Um, you know, on that, on that same token, what would you say is your biggest weakness?
text:My biggest weakness, I'd say is that sometimes I get tunnel vision into something. What do you mean, I wouldn't rubber sometimes I know, there's situations where I become too focused on one part of the problem, right, instead of me Actually, observing the whole entire thing. Okay. And that's, and for me, I feel like that's more of a lack of experience more than actual ability. Because I haven't had as much political experience.	labels:I'd say well, you know, here on our new that, you know, we're all about inter interdisciplinary teams, and we're about teamwork. Yeah. Can you tell me about your role in the team? What do you feel is your role to play?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:When I worked at a local cafe, I had great colleagues.	labels:What did you do at the cafe?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:So you clearly applied for a position here at Macy's. And I just wanted to use this interview prior for 10, 15 minutes right in between there to get a better sense of who you are as an individual. Because after looking through your resume and seeing you worked at Ulta, you have all this customer service experience, just to see how you fit in here. Okay, and all the skills you've learned how you can use them here.
text:Okay, perfect.	labels:So I guess for starters, what led you to finding our job posting?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I like to help people in need and have great empaphy towards others.	labels:That's great! Do you have any specific reasoning for applying for the job?
text:With the epidemic outbreak I feel a need to do my part and help the society.	labels:What do you feel that you could contribute with?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Do you have any past experience in working as a security guard?
text:No, I do not have any past experience.	labels:What have you previously worked as?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:Yes, my previous workplace had 4 employees. We got along really well.	labels:Great! Did you work in teams together on the cars or usually on your own?
text:Usually on our own, but we always had lunch breaks together.	labels:Did you do anything after work together?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:What perks do you offer for your workers?	labels:Some of our perks include a twenty percent discount on our items and monthly gift cards when you hit a required sale mark.episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I worked as a warehouse assistant before for three years.	labels:What kind of warehouse had you worked in before?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:And you currently working that first Hill and you've worked there for how long?
text:I am there now. I'm doing co ops.	labels:so tell me what you're doing.
text:They are working on outpatients patients and getting them registered for their labs or the land clean it really well. I learned a lot.	labels:All right, what is your greatest strength?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:Our patients feel comfortable with me as they say I was friendly and easy to talk to.	labels:What type of patients have you dealt with before?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:If I were to ask the people that know you, or if I call your references, tell me some of the kinds of things they're gonna say about you.
text:Very positive person. Loyal, dedicated. Mission focused and driven.	labels:Tell me a little bit about your work style, and how you interact with employees, with co workers and with supervisors and managers.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I always liked to learn more. I believe it is very important to improve in your career.	labels:What do you hope to learn in this job?
text:I am curious to learn more how to drive the new trucks and the systems you use.	labels:You will have plenty of training. Do you have any relevant training certificates already?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Whats your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I worked with a nice manager in my second job. It was great.	labels:What made your manager nice to work with?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:If you are going to work in our warehouse, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:Yes, I have a supervisor whom I follow.	labels:What does your supervisor say about job performance?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What are you the most proud of?
text:my proudest moment was graduating or Penn State University. I graduated one of the top of my class. Schools actually, like difficult because I transferred a several times because it wasn't actually positive. What I want to study, but I'm actually really excited about where I'll be going now with my new career.	labels:Right, great. Okay. So what do you think your best quality is?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Do you have any questions for me?
text:Yes. Actually, how many subscribers do you have in your publication?	labels:We roughly have about 3 million regular subscribers right now. But that number is growing every day. We're reaching a pretty big audience with the company. I've been here myself for 15 years.
text:Yes, that's awesome. When can I hear from you?	labels:You can expect to hear from me by the end of the week	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I have a good medical record and also have similar job experience in the past.	labels:How many years have you done a similar job like this?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Is there a way to advance in my career at this job?	labels:Yes, at this position you are able to apply to become a senior worker after 3 years.
text:Do you have any internal training and certification in the medical field?	labels:We strongly believe in growth through learning and offer high class internal training to our workers every year.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Excellent. Thank you. Can you describe to us your strengths?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:. So how would you you know, based on time zones, and based on availability, you know, this job is 24? Seven, you're on call?
text:Yes.	labels:Have you ever worked in a work as required basis? Have you ever had to work on anything on call?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:And so what else in in your job? Or in your current job? Could you see applying to our position here at Macy's?
text:My product knowledge is endless, of what I know, in terms of this industry, brands and everything. It's just, it's crazy how much I've learned in this job that I didn't know before going into it. So I've already got all the training down for product knowledge in terms of all the brands you're going to carry and everything like that I would not need any kind of training or teaching in that area.	labels:So here your hours may fluctuate between days nights, and we might need you on holidays or send you out to events or schedule them. Would that be a problem? The flexibility at all?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:Yes I do, when working in healthcare before I had a lot of great colleagues I got along with.	labels:Great! How many colleagues did you have?
text:In my department we were 10 employees.	labels:How was it working in a team of ten people?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:So what ways that have you collaborated in your job or during your time and older with like your co workers or managers to work together more efficiently?
text:Yeah, we're all a very tight knit little squad on our little alto family. So there aren't a whole lot of employees. So it's a very family community connected kind of feeling. We all are very open with each other. We know way more about each other than we probably should. Yeah, we can tell each other anything. I don't feel uncomfortable going to anybody with anything. It's very, very open door policy at all.	labels:So now I'm looking for a time, if you could give me one where you actually demonstrated your customer service skills, if you can think back to like maybe one specific.	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Okay. Okay, now, can you give me an example of how you would handle a stressful situation?
text:Sure. When I encounter a stressful situation, I like to take a step back, breathe a little bit. reassess the situation and prioritize what is the next important task rather than kind of getting overwhelmed by everything. break it down into a step by step process.	labels:That's good time is everything. Okay? Now, why should I hire you for my company?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Give us an example where you had two competing demands being placed on you. What was the what was the issue? What did you do and what was the outcome?
text:Okay, back in university, we received two tests from different subjects. One was to create a terminal. And the other one was to create new servers for the police force in my city. I had to prioritize because they're at different deadlines. So but even so the terminal was more important, because it requires research and, and, and analyzing how we can make it easier for everyone to use not only normal people, but people with certain difficulties such as blindness, mu, or mu. So you have to try and try it again, to get the final version of it. And the other one required research as well. But what's more specific, we just had to go to the Polly's ready chorus and just do some inquiry survey.	labels:So I guess my question is, did you complete them? Both?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:If you are going to work in our shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I worked at a retail store before and every Monday our manager arranges a meeting with us to make sure we are working as a team.	labels:What does your manager require you to do?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Tell me a little bit about your work style, and how you interact with employees, with co workers and with supervisors and managers.
text:I think I've worked well, with supervisors and managers. I'm sort of kind of the, the happy go medium in between. As far as the people that work beneath me and the people that work over me, and a lot of times I'm the transition between ideals. And I guess when things come down to harsh from the top, I have a way of soften them where they kind of filter down.	labels:What do you do if a supervisor or manager asks you to do something you don't agree with?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Where do you see yourself in five years, specifically, he within our company?
text:Hopefully, I'll be able to develop a market that allows me to interact with people within the teaching profession, and grow our brand using that market as a target client base.	labels:Are you interviewing currently with any other companies, and if so, what interests you about those particular companies as well?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Okay, one question. Why would you? Why would you believe that they is the best place to sell that perfume. Rather than going to hold Renfrew we're going to look for a few specialty shops.episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Because there's another gap between la cobia and product from 2016. You know, 2016, July to October. So I think that that will be helpful to whoever's interviewing you, aside from me. So you want to backtrack before you are in fashion? It looks like you've touched on finance, which is awesome with one cobia. So can you tell me a little bit about that, and how you decided to get into fashion?
text:Well, we'll call via, yes, that was an opportunity that I actually got through a connection I was very lucky to have. So I kind of just got in the throes of it. And what I really, really liked about cobia is how quickly, you know, business is very quick there. And I feel like in fashion, it's actually very similar. You know, things are usually very quick. You're dealing with multiple departments with different people. And I was actually recruited by product. So that's why I just made the move. And yeah, that's how I just ended up in fashion. And I ended up today. And I have to say, I wonder.	labels:Fantastic. All right, great. So I asked, my last question I would have for you is where are you looking to be in terms of compensation?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What questions do you have of us?
text:Yes. So for the first one is Do you have any plan to set up the other brands? The other the continent? Or the Asia or?	labels:Well, we have to see the success here on Queen and young first, we're not going to invest money unless we see some money coming back. We're always open to making money profit. It all depends on the launch and the success and then you know, put your money if it's not going to make money. So yes, we're open to innovation and we are always interested in expanding beyond our local market.
text:Can I change my location?	labels:Well you could apply to for a transfer, it doesn't necessarily mean there's an opening. Should there be a need and based on how well you perform at the location that you're currently working with, we're always interested in people who are mobile to take on increased levels of responsibility and accountability.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:At this point, can you tell me what you think about some of the life challenges mums might have in terms of breastfeeding, establishing breastfeeding and carrying it on in the UK?
text:Yeah. Can I talk about my own experience?	labels:And if you think that's applicable, yeah, of course.
text:Okay. So I found that with my children, so I was very lucky. I've managed recipe, both of mine till they were two years old. But there was times with both children. Especially the youngest, because my husband had gone away at this point, because he was in the area. And I found that there was no, there was nowhere in the middle of a note when you were struggling, that you could being and just say, is there anything I can do? Can you help me or that person that you just need to talk to because you're not sure if the baby's getting enough milk, and I really feel like women aren't given enough support to breastfeed.	labels:so those are some of the support issues that women certainly face. Is there anything else in the UK in terms of culture or anything you'd like to comment on?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I know a lot about clothes, and I make sure that the customers feel welcome.	labels:What is your favourite brand of clothes?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:You have applied for the job as a truck driver. What do you think is interesting about this job?
text:The job doesn't require a lot of interactions. I like the alone time when I'm driving.	labels:What makes you say that?
text:Being alone and listening to music while driving along the highway is peaceful in my opinion.	labels:What kind of music do you listen to while driving?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Welcome to this interview!
text:Thank you very much.	labels:How was your trip? Was it hard to find your way here?
text:No, not at all. I am familiar with this part of town since before.	labels:That is great to hear. Would you like a cup of coffee before we start?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I like things to be organized and for every thing to be in order.	labels:Would you describe yourself as an organized type of person?
text:Yes. I have a personality that likes for each thing to have its own place.	labels:What other kind of personality traits do you have?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What do you know about our company so far?
text:I've read on your website that for over 10 years, LCI software has delivered professional services on software development projects for clients all over the world. I can tell from the pictures and client testimonials on the website that you do great quality work.	labels:Yes, we always try to do quality work on the software products we build helped many brands transform their businesses. So tell me about yourself.
text:I completed a bachelor's degree in environmental biology and a master's degree in environmental informatics. I managed to get a job in the environmental engineering industry. But I soon realized I wasn't cut out for that job and decided to move to a different industry. I decided to take the path of a software developer.	labels:Wow. What determined you to make such a bold career shift?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Yes! I'd like to know about the work hours.	labels:The work hours are quite flexible, since people need help around the clock.
text:That's understandable. Does the salary differ depending on if I work the day or the nightshift?	labels:Yes, there is usually a compensation for working the nightshift.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:Yes. I am working directly with the car owners so they can describe their problematic encounters to me.	labels:How many car owners do you interview a day?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Have you had any English speaking jobs?.
text:No, okay, first job was I was speaking Portuguese and for Canadians. But after that, I found another job. And that job was speaking just English. And in August, I started another school for two months. And after I finished high school, I can't do this study.	labels:Okay, so why do you want to become interested in the banking industry?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Do you have any queries for me?
text:I know quite a bit about the culture and work environment at info future technologies, from your website media reports. And for my seniors who work there. I do have one question to ask you though. Can you let me know about the training opportunities for fresh graduates, especially in the healthcare and biomedical vertical.	labels:In addition to the one week new hire orientation, we have specific training programs based on the industry vertical. We also have project based string sessions. as a trainee, you are rotated across different teams in order to provide cross domain expertise. This will also make you well grounded in organization's internal processes. Does that answer your question? Samira?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:It would probably be the learning experience from working in kindergarden and being surrounded with kids.	labels:What did you learn by being around the children?
text:Kindergarden taught me how different everyone is. I needed to learn how to adapt to each and every one of the kids.	labels:Do you think you can apply your ability to adapt into a career in healthcare?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:When I worked as a mailman. I got a lot of exercise during my work day.	labels:How was your work as a mailman?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I have a lot of patience working with people.	labels:What kind of people have you cared for before?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What are your thoughts on you know, you've got some good theoretical knowledge and coupled hardware and software as you obviously cannot change cards and drives etc, etc. What would be the advantages of hiring you full time as opposed to outsourcing and just you know, calling them up and replacing?
text:Well, having someone in your company you I have someone dedicated to it that knows that company really well. So they will know about the needs and main problems about the company. It's not like hiring someone else which comes from upsize, they are told so and they will do something. It may be billing for the company, but it's not a good thing to do for more dedication and schedule of revising and updating and taking care of the system, the branch.	labels:So how do you prioritize the work that needs to be done in it? hardware software issues pop up all the time? Yes. So if the president of the company would phone and say hey, my PC is not working, or the security server went down, which Good, what's a priority? And how would you manage completing both?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:You have applied for the job as kindergarden teacher. What do you think seems fun about this job?
text:I enjoy working with kids and I love to teach.	labels:Do you have any children yourself?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What do you do if a supervisor or manager asks you to do something you don't agree with?
text:I would first make sure that it's legal. And if it was, if it's legal, I will, you know, carry out the audit task that was given to me. And if I think there's a better way, I think that after everything is said and done, if I find a quiet moment, I'll put a person to the side and give a recommendation of how I feel that it could be done better.	labels:Tell me about your career goals. Or if you were to receive this job, what is your plan? What's your long term goal?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I know a lot about cars and I am fast to find what's wrong with a car.	labels:How have you learnt what you know?
text:Mostly from working on my own cars, and from my dad.	labels:Do you have any sort of education?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Tell me what your what your goals for the future. If you were to get this job. Tell me what your goals are and what you plan.
text:I plan to that was to get the job done. work as hard as I can to move my self up gradually.	labels:Tell me what's your greatest weakness?
text:My greatest weakness?	labels:I'm not pushing. You don't think you have any or you don't? You're not sure what?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Tell me what is your greatest strength?
text:My greatest strength would probably be organization and managing that will be my greatest strength.	labels:On the flip side, what's your greatest weakness?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Okay, let's talk about your knowledge
text:involves not only computers, hardware, but also certain programs. And that's working in creating lands. And those important devices from networks such as helps, and the main server, the computer Master, as maybe people say,	labels:what about applications? You talk about hardware? And also what about software?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:If you are going to work as an engineer, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I have been working in several open source coding projects, where multiple programmers have to work together to get the code to run efficient.	labels:I see, so what type of open source projects have you worked on?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Thank you, Richard, thank you for that answer. What's your biggest weakness?
text:My biggest weakness, I believe, is that I find it very difficult at times to say no to people. Now in the past, this has resulted in me taking on sometimes too much work. So as hopefully I've shown you today that I will always be the first person to put my hand up that sometimes in the past have resulted in me taking on too much that I become a little bit overwhelmed at times where I think I'm going to struggle to get that done. And I end up working many hours in the evening sometimes just to make sure it's done on time. Obviously, that's not good for my own, you know, my own mental health for my concentration skills. So I need to make sure that I do say no when I am absolutely at full capacity. Having said that another one of my strengths is the fact that I'm always looking at myself to improve. So if you see anything about me that you think I could improve on, tell me and I'll go away, and I will sort it out and improve in that area.	labels:Thank you. Excellent. Thank you. So I'd be interested to know why did you leave your last job?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Our customers are spread across the city and our cleaners usually drive to the locations. Do you have a drivers licence?
text:Yes, I have a drivers licence.	labels:How long have you had a drivers licence?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Great, well, you say you have an interest in outdoor activity activities. So this would be a great company for you to work at. That being said, what else do you know about our company?
text:Well, I know you've been around for a long time since the late 1930s. And what really caught my attention the most was the idea that it was started by people who had a passion for the outdoors and found a way to involve others in their experience. I like the idea to that your company is consistently ranked among the top 100 companies to work for by Fortune magazine. And I thought growing with a company that has that level of success would be a good place to be great.	labels:Why? Why do you want this particular position here within within our customer service department?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I have always liked to get to know my collegues. It is so much fun to talk to new people.	labels:Are there any old collegues that you are still friends with?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:When I build my first engine.	labels:That is impressive. Did it work?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I keep myself presentable at all times and I make sure that customers feel comfortable with me.	labels:Why do you think looking presentable is important as a retail worker?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Excellent. Thank you. So how would you deal with conflict with a co worker?
text:User: So I can then gain some information that will give me them the power to try and resolve the situation, I would then suggest an amicable way forward for the pair of us to work so to work harmoniously, so we can achieve our common goals. So I would open dialogue with the other person try and resolve it straightaway. Of course, if there was a situation where the conflict was too ingrained, and it was too difficult, I would seek advice from my manager and supervisor as to try and find a suitable way forward. But above all, I would try and resolve it quickly and amicably. Thank you.	labels:Thank you for your answer, Richard, where do you see yourself in five years?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:And what's your greatest weakness?
text:I would probably have to say probably my strength, because it would you know, little details. Everything needs to be flawless.	labels:You're very focused on every little I got that that's actually a really important quality to have for the people that work in the position that you do. So that's actually not a weakness to us. What are you the most proud of?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:We're going to change roles. Okay, you're going to be B? And I want you to answer this question. Why would I choose you? versus the reason why?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Right. So first, can you tell me a little bit about yourself and why you're applying for this job?
text:I'll be graduating in May I have my accounting certificate. And I think my liberal education qualifies me.	labels:Do you want this job?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:You have applied for the job as janitor. What do you think seems fun about this job?
text:I like when things are clean, and I enjoy doing physical work.	labels:Have you worked as a janitor before?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:If you are going to work in our warehouse, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:At my last work place I worked together with a couple of others. In some tasks we were required to be several people for safety.	labels:And do you think you are good at working with others?
text:Yes I think so.	labels:Can you give an example of when it was difficult to work with someone?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:How many vacant jobs do you have right now?	labels:We have ten vacant jobs open. If you like, you can refer a friend.episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I just love driving and everything that comes with the job!	labels:Ok! You sound like a great fit for the position!
text:Thanks! I hope to hear from you soon!	labels:We'll get back to you as soon as we can!	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I like doing physically active jobs because I feel healthy.	labels:What other jobs did you have in the past?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I have worked as a baker for 3 years.	labels:Sounds like you have some good experience?
text:Yeah, I would consider myself an experienced baker.	labels:Have you ever worked in a bakery like this before?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I am great at multi-tasking. I can handle a bunch of different orders at once.	labels:Where did you learn how to multi-task?
text:I grew up in quite a stressful environment. It was kind of impossible not to learn that particular skill.	labels:Can you tell me more about how you handle yourself in stressful situations?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Thank you, why should we hire you?
text:I believe you should hire me. Because not only do I have the experience, and the skills and qualities that are a match for the job description, the experience I have gained means that I will get up and running in this role very quickly. That means you can leave me to get on with things which reduces the pressure on you, because obviously you are you are busy, and you are under pressure to achieve your objectives. And the last thing you need to be doing is to be watching me all of the time. So I'm a fast learner. I'm also very good working around people. And I understand the benefits of working in a diverse team. I feel that I am a good motivator, so I can get other people to feel motivated about their work as well. I'm also very good with customers.	labels:So what are your salary expectations for this role?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Would you say you are most proud of?
text:I'm most proud of graduating at all to begin with, later in life. But I'm also proud that I graduated first in my nursing class with Highest Distinction. It was a lot of hard work, but it paid off and the reward has been has been very fulfilling, right?	labels:What would you say your best quality is?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:In my first job as a manager I got to work with great people.	labels:What did you do in your mangement role?
text:I lead a team of trucks drivers. It was a lot of planning routes.	labels:How many people where there in the team?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:How are you with change?
text:I'm great with change. I think that my military background allows me to be very flexible. I'm really really flexible. My 22 years of military services makes me very flexible.	labels:Well, if I were to ask the people that know you, or if I call your references, tell me some of the kinds of things they're gonna say about you.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:In my past job, I cared for the elderly. I became friends with them.	labels:What do you think they befriended you?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Do you want to work in Canada? Or do you want to go back to Brazil?
text:I want to work in Canada. Okay. Yeah.	labels:That's wonderful. Just in a few words, why?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Do I have to buy and bring my own equipment to the bakery?	labels:No, everything you need will be available at the bakery.episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Why did you resign from your previous position?
text:My company was opening branches in other parts of the country. My boss told me I had to transfer. I couldn't move. So I had to resign.	labels:How do you handle pressure? I work very well with pressure. I prepare for it. before it comes. Can you give me an example?
text:When I worked at Citi Bank, we had many deadlines to meet. I never waited until the last minute to do my work. I always finished it ahead of time.	labels:How do you deal with the public?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Do you get a lot of costumers?	labels:We do. We sell our products both directly to costumers and to different local stores.
text:What kind of products do you usually sell?	labels:We mostly sell bread and cookies.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I have baked my entire life and I love the creative part of this job.	labels:Being creative is always good but often baking is just routine work. Would you be fine doing routine work as well?
text:Yes. I like baking no matter what.	labels:What made you start liking baking from the beginning?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:When will the job start?	labels:The job starts on June 15, 2021.episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Will I be working only on the engine or all types of repair?	labels:Your focus will mainly be on engine repairs as most of the work we get is engine repairs. Would you find this kind of work rewarding?
text:Yes. Engine repairs is my specialty.	labels:Do you have any other specialties in terms of car repairs?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I worked directly with our car service manager on a daily basis.	labels:How do you cooperate with your manager?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:How many interviews Have you attended so far?
text:This is my first interview, ma'am. And I hope to make a good impression.	labels:You mentioned optimism as a key strength. How has optimism helped you to solve situations?
text:Yes, I truly consider optimism as my key strength. I always see the brighter side of things and handle situations positively. One of the recent incidents where I think my optimism saved the situation was on a project. We were testing the prototype device, and suddenly the server storing all our data crashed. It was late in the night and the network administration team was not available. Okay, and as part of my volunteer work with the healthcare NGO, I have come across situations so desperate and moving, that only my optimism and positive attitude helped me.	labels:That's a good summary of your strengths. Sameera, you have listed that you're overly emotional as you mean weakness. So do you often let emotions impact your decisions?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:When the company gave us a tour about electric cars.	labels:Did you get a chance to repair an electric car?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:And could you tell me some of the challenges that midwives are facing at the moment in the UK?
text:Okay, well, I know there are big challenges the number of midwives. I read somewhere recently that every single year with all the midwives that leave the NHS of the profession, only one midwife get added. So with all those people that go to university, there's only one extra midwife per year that get added into the healthcare profession. So it's a very right now a very they need more midwives to keep everything going.	labels:Okay, think about some of these. So that's something they're stuffing is definitely an issue and we think perhaps the government is going to be trying to supply some more midwives, which would be very nice. There's room as of 3500 extra, which would be brilliant. Um, can you think about some of the challenges that midwives have with the particular clients they look after these days?
text:Oh gosh, there must be so many challenges. Everyone likes to have their care a certain way, which is fine, that's fantastic and great. But you have to be able to look after that family, or that individual that mom without judgment without to accept the way that she wants her care to go. You have to always take on the fact that people are different religions, people go through different different disappointments, different journeys, different ways of having the children. treat everyone as individuals. And that's going to be harmful to people. What that person is wanting, not for them to adapt to how you want. Okay,	labels:and could you tell me why you would like to be a midwife?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:No, I think that I understand what the job is about.	labels:Ok, what is the job about then?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Tell me about your educational background.
text:I graduated from Texas Christian University with a bachelor's in accounting. I also wanted in business technology.	labels:Have is your education help with your work?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:No, do you have questions of us, Julian?
text:Thank you this day, the providers to the new employees. So do you have training programs?	labels:Juliana, in any organization, any company, training is ongoing. It's not an event. So in order for everyone to become better, we always continually to train him to learn as old as I am. I continue to learn every day. I'm learning from you right now.episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Thank you for your answer, Richard, where do you see yourself in five years?
text:User: I want to be a higher performing achiever, I want you to be happy with my work and see me as a respected member of the organization, someone you can trust, and someone who is also loyal. I would also see myself obviously experienced in five years time, and somebody who could perhaps help train up other new members of the organization as in when they join. So I'm basically sharing my experience with them.	labels:Thank you. Thank you. So how would you handle stress and pressure in this role?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I saw the advert for the job position and I'm looking for a job!	labels:Ok! But do you have any specific interest in the job?
text:Not really, I just need a job as I am currently unemployed.	labels:Then, why should I hire you?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:So how did you hear about this job?
text:I saw an advertisement online. I clicked on it, and it brought me to your company's website where I applied for it.	labels:What do you know about our company so far?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Okay. My name is Emely and I will be doing the interview with you today, we're gonna ask you a number of questions for your suitability for the role. So if you can start with if you can tell me about yourself, that'd be great.
text:I'm very good with clients and customers because I understand, for your business to be successful, I need to not only act as a positive role model, but I need to provide outstanding service. So your customers and clients come back to your business time and time again, I'm happy working on my own. But I also like to work as part of a team. I'm a very fast learner. So if you give me a task, I will learn it quickly. I'll always be the first person to volunteer to do a job that needs to be done. And You have my word that if you hire me in this position, I will perform to a very high standard and I will help you to achieve your commercial and your financial objectives.	labels:That's great. Thank you. So could you tell us a little bit why you want to work here with us?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Do I get any discounts on the stuff that you are selling?	labels:No, but well let you know before we have a sale, and then you can buy the nice stuff before any other customer.
text:Does that apply to all of the stuff that you sell?	labels:No, we have some special items for which this discount is not allowed.	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:In some my previous work places I have mostly worked alone, but I sometimes miss having banter during lunch and also being able to get help and help colleagues.	labels:Were there any specific reasons why you worked alone before?
text:I have always considered myself as a little bit of a lone wolf, but since working a little bit in teams I have started to appreciate it more.	labels:I see, what is it that you appreciate the most when working in a team?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:What kind of truck will I drive?	labels:You will drive Volvo FL.episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:The salary is good and I have heard from some friends that this is a great place work.	labels:Do you have many friends that are working here.episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:You have applied for a teaching position. What kind of skills do you have that make you a good teacher?
text:I am good at explaining things and making learning fun!	labels:That sounds interesting, can you talk a little more about how you make learning fun?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Tell me if you would a little bit about your human resource background.
text:Well, I spent the last 21 years in the United States Air Force as a human resource assistant. And I actually recruited and interviewing individuals to come into the United States Air Force.	labels:Very good. But let me ask you a question. When you're interviewing someone for a job, what qualities are you looking for?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Okay, cool. So I think that's great. Now I want to backtrack a little bit. It looks like you are with data from 2016 to 2018, which is great. And I know you mentioned the reason for leaving was because of layoffs. What were you doing from December 2018 to may 2019?
text:So during that time, obviously there was a layoff, I was applying for jobs on the daily and I is actually taking other temporary contracts. Because, of course, as you know, the nature of temporary contracts is that they move quicker. And I just wanted to make sure that I stayed active and I didn't. I didn't lose, you know that much of an income. So I, I did some, you know, other executive assistant roles that I don't think are as relevant. So I just wanted to, you know, leave the boogeyman out here. But that's basically what the gap explains there were just a few here and there that I don't think are relevant to put on my resume.	labels:What I would recommend is at the end of your resume at the bottom, I would just put like, temporary contract assignment, and I would put what you were doing now with details, but just what you were doing.	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:How long are the shifts?	labels:The minimum shift is six hours a day while on busy days can go up to eight hours a day.episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:So yes, there is a formal training program, but we encourage our employees to take ownership and go out and find out what it is you want to become better at. So maybe becoming a branch manager, maybe want to set up a branch in a in a location that hasn't been determined. Or maybe you want to go to one that's not working well and you fix it to make it work. So those are, you know, audit could be cash management. Could be location, could be facilities, you can also help by pursuing your dreams. Whatever your dreams are you got to pursue. Okay. Does that answer your question? Yes.
text:Thank you.	labels:Okay, if you stepped in, if I offered you the job, and you stepped into the job, nine o'clock next morning, next Monday morning. I said, sit down. Juliana, what five questions do you have for me about this bank, this bank? What would your questions be for me? I am your manager?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:No I do not think so.	labels:Great, we will let you know as soon as we have interviewed the other candidates as well.episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Do you like working here?	labels:Yes I do. I've been here for five years now.
text:Who will be my supervisor in the beginning if I get the job?	labels:I will be your supervisor if you get the job	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You have applied for the job as secretary. What do you think seems fun about this job?
text:I really like to work with other people, and by working as a secretary I will come in contact with a lot of different people.	labels:What would your perfect work day look like?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?
text:I like to work with sales and find it interesting to sell towards the end customer.	labels:What do you find particularly interesting in sales?
text:I like the psychological process of sales. How a customer decides and how you can influence a customer to buy.	labels:Interesting. How can you influence a customer to make a purchase in our store, you think?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I like to work as a therapist because I want people to be aware that they can get help professionally.	labels:What are your responsibilities as a therapist?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:If you are going to work as a police officer, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I worked in an office when I was 20. We did projects together all the time.	labels:What kind of projects did you do?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:What kind of regulations do you follow?	labels:We follow all the common EU transportation law. Are you used to working with strict regulation demands?
text:Yes, in my previous job as a truck drivers we had similar requirements.	labels:Could you tell me more about what you learned in your previous job?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:As you know, we read a book we read about you in paper format, but we're more interested in hearing from you, in your own words, by telling us something about yourself.
text:So I guess it's no surprise for you that I'm a computer science student. I've been interesting in computers for a long time. And I decided to start my career earlier by entering some courses. It was involved, it wasn't owning a Computer Management, and networking, which involves creating lands whence and managing networks dealing with the hardware related to it. I got really into the information technology, by the time and when I answered university, I was fully aware of the area. So right now I'm job ready for a position I can take.	labels:You mentioned your drop ready? What does that mean?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Nice to meet you. Did you have a good time getting here?
text:I did. Yeah, it was easy to find no problem is good, although weather is Okay, yeah. Thankfully spring is breaking.	labels:I think so let's hope. Okay, so And also, can you tell me a little bit about yourself?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I don't have any experience from previous jobs.	labels:I see, do you have any experience you would like to mention?
text:Not really, I just need a job.	labels:Ok, we'll get back to you when we have decided on who to employ!	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What kind of job is ideal for you?
text:My ideal job would be working as an office manager at an international scope. I prefer to work at a place where I can use my French and English skills. I would like to work steady hours without having to travel too much.	labels:What is your greatest strength?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You have applied for the job as a truck driver. What do you think is interesting about this job?
text:I like being on the road, getting to see new places.	labels:I understand. You will get to drive all across Europe if you get hired for this position.
text:Awesome! I really enjoy the freedom of driving across the world.	labels:Are you able to drive for many hours straight?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:Just working with baking beautiful cakes.	labels:You really like cake a lot don't you?
text:Yeah, it's my passion to bake cakes.	labels:What is your favorite recipe?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I have no job in the past.	labels:Oh okay. Did you just graduate?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I studied Advanced Baking in London and got my internship there as well.	labels:How long did you do the internship?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:It's the whole that I'm looking for. So if I was promoting perfume, I would have media, I would have publications, I would have brochures, I would have a model passing over sample. That's how I would, but I didn't hear how you're going to do.
text:As I mentioned, I cast or post to text, text or post to our VIP. That is the first method.	labels:The How does that work? reaching out to the customer? You're that's internal. I'm looking at the external factors. So I'm a customer, I walk into the bank right here on Lauren, yo, how are you going to capture my interest to come to the cosmetic department? See this new product? Are you going to have a VIP coming in with for example. hurleys or Elizabeth Hurley is here this week to promote her new launch of her new perfume. So I had the person who designed it or created it. She's there to endorse it. She's there to talk to the people getting feedback, trying to understand is it for you?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What is your experience with working with sales?
text:I have worked in a fashion store selling clothes. I was responsible for opening and closing the store as well as the cashier. When I was younger, I also worked with telemarketing.	labels:For how long did you work with telemarketing?
text:3 months	labels:What did you learn by working with telemarketing?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Do you have any other skills that might help you on this job?
text:Yes, I have secretarial experience. I can answer phone calls, use a computer, type 60 words a minute, and speak French and Japanese. I also have good organizational skills.	labels:How about doing PR?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What's one of your proudest moments?
text:My proudest moment would definitely be being president of my class, it was a great goal for me. And the highlight of that time was definitely giving the graduation speech. It was a shining moment for myself and my family. That's good public speaker.	labels:What is your best quality?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:And am I correct? I noticed on your resume that you assist a lot with like, the whole expungement process. And so that's definitely a method of helping.
text:Yes, yes, that is the program that I am in right now.	labels:So what has been your biggest challenge in say, the transition to the legal field from social work?
text:Well, there's a lot of specific knowledge that I needed to gain. And research is completely different in the legal world than it was in social services. And the writing style is different. I actually started out in journalism, so I was an AP style person. And it evolved. So now my writing is a lot different than that. So I had to learn that was one of the biggest challenges was learning the lingo and all of the different writing styles and specific laws that I need to know.	labels:So, um, in in, what made you choose to come to south or to go to southwestern Illinois College, then because you work down in Carbondale, correct?
text:That's correct. I want to how can I say this? My education is kind of a hobby as much as it is a career path. So I wanted to continue working. And financially, you know, that made the most sense, of course, to continue working and go part time, the University in Carbondale only offers day classes. So Swick offers evening classes and online classes. So that made sense for me, it was more economical, and I could continue working during the day.	labels:Excellent, excellent. So, um, so what made you decide to transition from journalism to your previous career in social services?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Right now? It is five to one.
text:That's, that's actually really, really good. What sets you guys apart from other hospitals in the area?	labels:Right now our company is on the cutting edge of healthcare and technology. I think it is a very exciting time to be a part of our company, especially working here. Okay, great.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I started out fixing cars with my dad in our garage when I was a kid. He taught me the basics and I feel in love with the work.	labels:Your dad taught you the basics. Who taught you the more complex things about cars?
text:I learned from other mechanics. I once had a job as an intern in a car shop.	labels:What did you learn from your internship?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What's your ideal job?
text:I would like to be a full time computer programmer. I prefer working with a team. But I also enjoy working individually.	labels:What kind of hours would you prefer?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Where are you looking to be in terms of compensation?
text:Okay, well, I mean, I'm pretty open, obviously, on when I was full time at product, I was at about seven UK. So I would like to keep it in that range. If possible. I am open to firms. So I would like to, you know, also open up to an hourly salary before I got a, you know, permanent salary. So I would like for that to equate to my previous salary if possible. Obviously, I'm open, because I'm currently not working. But ideally, let's say I would be looking for about 32 an hour hourly and a 70k. Salary conversion.	labels:Fantastic. Okay, great. Well, I really appreciate you coming in. Do you have any questions for me?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Please tell me about your previous work experience.
text:Well, I've been working in sales and marketing for three years now. The first company that I worked for media where went out of business after I was there just one year. I then went to work for universal systems for two years and have just been laid off.	labels:Have you ever been promoted?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:So now I'm looking for a time, if you could give me one where you actually demonstrated your customer service skills, if you can think back to like maybe one specific,
text:yeah, I do have a good one for that. Actually, I have this older guest guest who comes in. And if we ever don't have her products, I'll call the other store and make sure they have it for her to come pick up. Whoever she's older. She doesn't have a smartphone doesn't have GPS. So she has my direct line. So when she gets in the area, she calls me and I walk her through it to get to the store. Okay, so I do that for every time I need to get her from one location to the other because she's older. She doesn't know. Yeah, just got her a little flip phone. So she has kept his extension. And she calls and I walk her through it every time. So awesome.	labels:So that's the way you've established obviously repeat customers
text:when she comes back to me because she knows that I'm going to get her what she needs from there no matter what.	labels:Yeah, definitely. And have you, I guess, developed other repeat customers+
text:I'm sure I've got I've got my rags for sure that they come back to me because they know that the last time I was there, I suggested something that they loved. So the next time, that's probably gonna happen again, I definitely will come back at looking for me. Yeah,	labels:And so what else in in your job? Or in your current job? Could you see applying to our position here at Macy's?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Is there an open job position in the pediatric ward? If ever, can I help out there?	labels:We have open healthcare assistant jobs for pediatrics, maternity, and geriatrics right now. You will be assigned to the ward that is most relevant to your skills and experience.episode_done:True
text: 	labels:So that brings this bit of the interview to a close. Is there anything you want to ask us? Do you have a question prepared?
text:I haven't today	labels:Ok. Thank you for your time.	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Do you speak any other languages?
text:I can speak German and some Russian.	labels:Do you have any other special job skills that would help you do your job?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:If you are going to work in our shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I haven't really been in the job market for long. I don't have a lot of experience.	labels:It doesn't have to be limited to work. Did you collaborate with your classmates in school?
text:Yes I did! We had group projects all the time.	labels:What role did you usually play when it came to the projects?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Please tell me about your previous job experience.
text:Yeah. Well, I've been a secretary for 10 years now. I first started in 1991. With Johnson and Johnson. I worked with them for six years. I left when I got married, and we moved to Denver. Then I worked with United Parcel services for four years.	labels:has your experience been good?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Thank you, Richard, can you tell me about a time where you provide excellent customer service?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:So what I'd like to do first is give you an opportunity of telling us a little bit about yourself. I mean, the resumes are one thing, hearing it from you. So this is your commercial.
text:And my name is Tom Hart. And I'm from Korea, and I'm the university student now. and my major is sociology and the mass communication. I have a two major and I have some experience about volunteering, including Toronto, International Film Festival, and pride parade, and into the low income children. And yes, and I have another group experiences, working at the clothing store and working at the high school. That is a good hour really, there is international Expo as a hostess. And finally I work at the research department in my university.	labels:Okay, so I've heard of quite a few companies. Can you give an example of what you do?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Why do you want to work here?
text:Because this company has a good reputation. Why should we hire you? I think I have the right personality and skills. And I also have experience and motivation.	labels:Why should we hire you?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Would you consider any weaknesses that you have to be detrimental to the job?
text:I think there's a risk. When it comes to compassion, I think people can misinterpret compassion as being easy or willing to rollover, when it's important to understand that that compassion is something that is earned. And it's interactive. And I feel like if I establish clear boundaries with customers, clients, students, they understand that I am understanding I am patient, I am kind, yet, I'm also going to hold the people I interact with to a high standard.	labels:To date, what would you say is your greatest professional achievement?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:The next question, how many tennis balls can you fit into a limousine?
text:And number of tennis balls in a limousine? Well, I guess to effectively answer that question, I would need some help. I would need to know what type of limousine because if we're talking about a stretch SUV, that's a much larger volume than a smaller limousine? Are we talking to door for door? I also don't know what's in the limousine already other people in there? Or is it empty? Once I had those questions answered, I would have to do some calculations about the size of a tennis ball, how much area or how much volume it takes up, calculate the inside of the limousine and then make sure the math works out? I could get that answer to you. I just can't do it off the top of my head.	labels:Let me ask this final question. Or do you have any questions for us?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Yes, I am quite curious as how the working hours are here, as I understand that the pace is slightly lower here than in the main hospital.	labels:Indeed, the pace is slower here. We usually work 10 hour shifts in teams, starting at 7 in the morning. As this job does not include nighttime you do not have to worry about too late work hours.
text:I see, perfect! Do you have any final questions for me?	labels:No, I think I have asked you all questions that I had. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Hi, James. Nice to meet you. How are you?
text:I'm well. Thank you.	labels:So you're here for our visual editor position.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I love building and picking apart things. Thats why I became a car mechanic in the first place!	labels:So you like working with your hands?
text:Yes, ever since I was a child I have always enjoyed working with my hands.	labels:What is your favotire car to work with?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I like to bake things, and to get up early in the morning.	labels:What is you favourite thing to bake?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Please tell me about your educational background.
text:I graduated from Cornell University in 1994. With a BA in computer science.	labels:Why did you choose computer science?
text:Well, ever since I've been young, I've been interested in computers. So when I entered university, I thought that a career in computers would be a good choice.	labels:Have you ever studied outside of the university?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I have a strong work ethic and I always make sure the goods are delivered on time.	labels:A strong work ethic is very good. Could you give an example from a previous job when you have shown a strong work ethic?
text:I used to work as a taxi driver and my main focus was always the customer no matter what.	labels:Focusing on the customer is important in this job as well. Have you worked directly with the customer in other jobs?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:are you stronger in software, or in hardware?
text:mostly hardware, and the software involved in networking, which is the important thing of the IT company. But I have developing knowledge of the software. So in no time, I will be totally experienced and the company may see its benefits.	labels:Are you for what diagnostic software? Are you familiar with to support the hardware needs?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What makes you a good fit as a car mechanic?
text:I am very good at fixing cars.	labels:What kind of cars have you worked with?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What are your weaknesses?
text:I can be a bit too straightforward at times, and sometimes that hurts people. But I'm working on this and try to stop myself from being overly direct.	labels:Where do you see yourself in five years?
text:In five years, I'd like to be seen as someone with deep expertise in software development. I hope to be offered the opportunity to take the lead on some projects.	labels:There are definitely promotion opportunities at our company. Depending on your achievements and expertise. Do you work well under pressure?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:And then do you have any questions for me?
text:Um, let's see, I do. What's your nurse patient ratio?	labels:Right now? It is five to one.	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Can you give me an example of an accomplishment you've had and what that tells us about you.
text:So I think one of my greatest accomplishments is on the general focus of me going to college because initially graduating high school I didn't, I wasn't planning on going to college, I was a C student in high school wasn't involved in anything, basically just went to school and left and didn't really do much. And then come into college, I had that mindset of I'm just gonna, like, do whatever. And then I got involved on campus. I ended up getting Dean's List both semesters of my freshman year, and then both semester sophomore year, and then it continued up until my senior year, I made Dean's list every, almost every semester, a couple semesters, I haven't but close enough. I'm extremely involved on campus, I was an orientation leader, I have been involved in curry theater. And I'm participating in all of these specific things that go on at carry, which initially I had no, I had no idea or anticipation of me doing anything that I've done at curry so far. So I think that right there is a great aspect of my life that I initially had never expected to happen.	labels:What do you think sets you apart from other candidates?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Can you tell me why you want this job?
text:Well, the description sounded very interesting. And I think I can succeed at it.	labels:Why should we choose you for this job?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:You have applied for the job as a healthcare worker. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:There are many things that I think are interesting about healthcare. But if I had to choose one, it would be to learn more about how the human body works.	labels:Okey, that is nice to know. In this work you will focus more on helping patients that working with understanding the human body. How do you fell about that?
text:I know that, and it is fine with me to work more with patients. But I figure that I could learn something about the human body in the process.	labels:Do you have any experience working with patients from before?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Excellent, excellent. So, um, so what made you decide to transition from journalism to your previous career in social services?
text:I think when I started out in journalism, I wasn't really sure what I wanted to do. I was 18 years old. And I knew that I love to write, and I like to ask questions about the world. So that was a way that I could ask questions and learn things and be out in the community and talk to people in on the scene. And then I also learned that journalists are not as objective as we might like to think they are. And so I kind of transitioned into public relations where I could use my voice for cause. And then from there, I got more into social services. I was always specializing in nonprofit communication throughout my undergrad studies at SEIU Carbondale where I studied public relations, it was with an emphasis on nonprofits and minors in government and sociology. So I knew that somewhere I wanted to be in the middle of these things, but I didn't exactly know where so I see my career as a path that I'm, you know, growing and learning and changing and, and kind of taking direction from the world around me. And you know, where it leads me,	labels:Okay, so So what has been say your biggest challenge in your current position, what on a day to day basis is the biggest challenge?
text:The number of cases is the biggest challenge. When I came into the job there, their position, there was a huge backlog of cases. And I had to work really hard and be creative and and reach out for help in lots of different ways to share that work and get it caught up. And so I think that we're in a pretty good place right now and actually Coronavirus, kind of helped in slowing down so yeah, in some of the events, the outreach events that we were going to have, unfortunately, were canceled. So it you know, I don't know how much our vendors are gonna like the numbers when all this is said and done, but it has decreased the number of cases.	labels:Yeah, well, maybe you'll get like a fresh start from You know, everything caught up? So? Yeah, and how about Um, so, you know, I'm very familiar with the expungement process. And, you know, I tend to know you, it's a wonderful way to assist people, you definitely have a wide variety of individuals coming in with all different backgrounds and stories and personalities. So can you tell me about a time either either in this this life in general, but either in this position, or maybe your previous positions where you maybe ran into someone through professionally, that, you know, was having a rough time, and maybe it was a difficult time, and you had to kind of work them through that situation and what you did, what the outcome was or what you learn from it.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:So, can you tell me a bit about yourself?
text:Sure. I am 27 years old and I have worked mostly within construction before. I got laid off due to economical reasons, where the company went bankrupt.	labels:Oh, that must have been quite dramatic. Were there any specific reason they went bankrupt?
text:I am not sure, I think it was a mix of bad luck and a recess in economy.	labels:I see, and now you are thinking of moving to another industry?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:This question is hard and easy at the same time. I would like to answer all those times when I felt that I had made my patient's life even a little bit better. Fluffing their pillow slightly more than usual or making sure they are served their coffee the way they like it. I suppose that the small things together make the biggest difference for me.	labels:What is it that you feel in these moments exactly?
text:Well, I guess that I feel happy and content that I have been able to make an ill person's life just a tiny bit better.	labels:I see, and can you tell me about any other job related experience that has made you feel good?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:You have applied for the job as a security guard. What makes you interested in this position?
text:I am interested in becoming a security guard as I think it will fit me very well.	labels:Why do you think it will fit you well?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:My best experience is being able to attend free baking training every year.	labels:Why do you like baking training?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:So you'd be okay with new training programs and everything?
text:Yeah. Yes. Good.	labels:Now, what is your greatest weakness?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?
text:I like to make things look nice in the store. All clothes should be neatly folded.	labels:Do you like to shop yourself?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?
text:I like to assist customers and save their time finding what they want.	labels:Do you like chatting with customers?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I am stubborn and will not give up until I have found and fixed a problem that a customer has presented.	labels:Has it ever happened that your stubborness has worked against you instead of helping you?
text:Yes, I sometimes get frustrated when I have tried a lot of things and none have worked to solve the problem. But that is usually the time when I take help from more senior colleagues.	labels:Are there any situations in which you feel hesitant to ask for help from a colleague?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Are you interviewing currently with any other companies, and if so, what interests you about those particular companies as well?
text:Since I'm new to the area, I haven't had the opportunity to interview with a wide variety of companies, I have looked at Bass Pro Shops, and I'm currently scheduled to interview with them. They have a similar mission and similar goals to Rei. It's just that their product line is more specifically tailored than Rei is more diverse offerings.	labels:We here at Rei, you know it is being in customer service, there are aspects of your job that are going to be a little less active than I could expect. You being in a teaching position where I assume you're on your feet more one on one face to face with individuals. Do you prefer a specific type of work environment? Do you thrive in a variety of work environments? And what does this look like?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Am I going to work with a team or by myself?	labels:You're going to work with a team.episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:What are you looking for as an ideal job candidate?	labels:We are looking for a candidate who can process inventory and can report missing or damaged items to the supervisor.episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I am very interested in machines and problem solving.	labels:Do you have experience in terms of problem solving from other jobs?
text:Yes, I was a mechanic at a factory before and constantly had to find solutions to difficult problems.	labels:What kind of factory did you do this type of job at?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Hi, Tamra, nice to meet you. I'm Emely. I'll see you. What position Are you interviewing for today?
text:I'm actually interviewing for your human resource assistance position.	labels:Very good. And where did you see this job posted?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Tell me a bit about yourself.
text:I am 45 years old, married with two kids. I am currently unemployed but I am very motivated to work.	labels:How long have you been unemployed.
text:Two years	labels:I see. What was the last job you had.episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:The best experience in my past job is when my employer takes care of our lodging when we do very long-hour drives.	labels:What else does your past employer give as a great offer to you back then?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I like how your company values its workers.	labels:What is the most important value to you about this job position?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What are some of your personal interests outside of work?
text:Well, I've really enjoyed gardening. It helps me relax. I also enjoy learning foreign languages,	labels:but foreign languages have you studied?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I think I am a good fit because I am a local and know how to communicate with patients using our language effectively.	labels:If there will be foreign visitors in our clinic, do you also know how to speak the English language fluently?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:I just want you to maybe elaborate a little bit on what your leadership skills are like what you've done in the past like to lead people.
text:so I really like taking the lead. When we throw events that work for specific brands, if we have an Urban Decay event, if we have a target event, anything like that, I really like to kind of take the lead on those and try and throw things together, make it more fun, invite as many clients as I can. Just things like that. I like to organize things and just make things more fun. I'm a very creative type soul. So I like to take things and kind of put an edge on everything. That's what I usually do at my job now.	labels:That's a ton of leadership experience, you know. So as you're talking about Ulta, it says here, I can see you've been there for over a year, and you're currently employed there. And so now what areas do you enjoy the most? Or did you Is it this event scheduling you were just talking about? Or is there more or less to it?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:Yes, I have been working within healthcare for the last 5 years now, and since the doctor's teams never work alone, I have always worked in close proximity to others.	labels:Can you tell me about the best doctor's team you've worked with?
text:Of course, it was just two years ago at the main hospital here, where we were a team of four nurses and one doctor. The nice thing about this team was our ability to communicate well and also have fun at the same time.	labels:What constitutes good communication for you?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:If you are going to work in our warehouse, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I do not have any experience like that. I have been self-employed my whole life.	labels:Did you have any other interactions with people when you were self-employed?
text:I had a lot of customer interaction in that job.	labels:What do you find is the most imoportant in terms of interacting with a customer?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I think it is interesting to learn new baking skills.	labels:What baking skills do you already have?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:If you are going to work in our shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I worked with delivery teams on my past retail job before.	labels:What duty do you partake on stock delivery?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I am devoted to my task. I like to do a good job.	labels:What is you biggest strenght?
text:That I am really intelligent.	labels:What is your biggest weakness?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What do you find the most attractive about the job?
text:Ma'am, I know that info future has an established presence in the healthcare industry. And you have a dedicated team that is working on affordable medical devices. So this is an exact line with my interest area. I would love to be part of this division and share my idea is to make a contribution to the organization.	labels:Okay, now that you've explained, why do you want to join us? Can you give me top three reasons? Why should we hire you?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Tell me something about yourself.
text:I'm involved with healthy smiles Foundation, a leading NGO as a volunteer, I've been working as a volunteer work on programs to improve the health and well being for underprivileged children in both urban slums and rural areas. So as a part of my volunteer work, I realized the importance of understanding the healthcare needs in India. And this is for the convinced me about my choice of career. Okay, and in my free time, I'd like to call up in a corner with a good book. I also play volleyball and basketball whenever I can round up some classmates and friends. Okay.	labels:You mentioned reading as one of your passions, which is the most recent book that you read.
text:I just finished reading better by Atul Gawande. One of the senior team members at the NGO recommended the book to me, and the book talks about failure and how we can improve our performance. Now, although the focus is medicine, the examples the writer has used have lessons for every one in each profession. Okay.	labels:Great. That sounds like interesting books, Samira. So tell me more. How many interviews Have you attended so far?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Well, we've reached the end of the interview now, Richard, so only really one last question to ask really is, have you got any questions for us?
text:Thank you very much. I've really enjoyed the process. I'll just have a couple of questions, if that's okay. So, as I said, previously, I'd plan to stay with the company for a long period of time, if I'm successful. Now I'm interested to hear what plans do you have for the business over the next five to 10 years,	labels:we're looking to expand operations quite, quite big. And we're looking to increase product lines as well. And we have really big ambitious plans for the future. Okay. Excellent, brilliant.	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Tell me a little about your educational background.
text:I received a bachelor's degree in history from Houston University in 1990. After that, I still At the University of Texas and received my MBA in 1993.	labels:Why did you choose the University of Texas for your master's degree?
text:I visited the campus and I met some of the professors and I really liked it.	labels:How will your education help you with this position?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:If you are going to work in our shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:In the grocery store I worked I worked in a small group with three other co-workers.	labels:What was your role in this small group?
text:I worked with putting groceries on the shelf so I needed to be in close contact with the warehouse to alert them if we were running out of supply.	labels:Being aware of the warehouse status is always important. How did you solve this in your previous job?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I am hard working and I will be the first one to show up each morning.	labels:How can you be sure about that?
text:I used to work at a different bakery and I was alwyas the first person there.	labels:Which bakery was that?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:How do you work under pressure?
text:I'm pretty good with pressure.	labels:Can you give me an example?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Can you tell me about what type of relations you usually have with your colleagues?
text:I like working with them and I often have fun with them as well, but normally only during work time. I don't meet them much on my free time.	labels:I see, having fun at work is very important. Do you have any examples of how you maintain good relations with your colleagues?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I love to bake and I bake as much as I can in my spare-time.	labels:What kind of baking do you do in your spare-time, cakes or bread?
text:I mostly make different types of cakes. Cakes are my speciality.	labels:Are you used to making custom design cakes?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I had a very good boss when I started my last job.	labels:What made this boss good in your opinion?
text:She taught me a lot and it was my first work experience. I was very nervous but she made me feel very included and helped me.	labels:What was the most important thing she taught you?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Do you have any examples of your strengths at work?
text:Yes. When I was managing At charter entrance, we had a very important quota deadline. I wouldn't stop working. We met the quota. I talked to the staff and we all work really hard to meet the deadline.	labels:What about your greatest weakness?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Now, what is your greatest weakness?
text:I would have to say my greatest weakness is probably my perfectionism. I put a lot of pressure on myself to do things perfectly, and it does cause me some stress, you know, so I'm working on that. Good.	labels:Would you say you are most proud of?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:Yes. For one vehicle , we are usually working with a team of two to three people.	labels:How many days does it usually take for one vehicle repair to finish?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?
text:I like helping people who are looking to buy something.	labels:What do you like about it?
text:It's fun to help people who don't really know what they want. To give suggestions and advice.	labels:Do you have any advice for me if I'm looking for a new pair of jeans?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Tell me about a time when you show that you fit well into a team. It's worked well with other people and got good results because you worked well with them.
text:I can't give an example. When I was stood at university. The final hiring began question hiring me and two other people we were responsible to to come How can I say, to do the current? So we were working group and region five. What should you do? And it was pretty good. Nate.	labels:Are you the leader? Or you're just part of the team?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:You have applied for the job as a truck driver. What do you think is interesting about this job?
text:It offers a steady paycheck and regular delivery schedules for me.	labels:What is your working schedule in your past job look like?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I really like working at the gym.	labels:Ok, why did you like to work at the gym?
text:Because I got to work out each day.	labels:How many times do you work out each week?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:Doing what I love the most, which is cake decorating.	labels:Did you study cake decorating?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I like to decorate cakes and pastries.	labels:What cakes and pastries have you decorated before?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I worked at a zoo when I was fifteen, that was a lot of fun.	labels:Interesting. What did you do at the zoo?
text:I worked with feeding the animals.	labels:Oh really, what kind of animlas did you feed?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Okay. Well, Tamra, do you have any questions of me?
text:Well, one question I do have of you. And I was just reading some information last week is how many people how often have you had to fill this position as human resources system?	labels:We've, this position has had one person for the last four years, and she actually has a husband who's relocating out of the area. And so she wants to follow him. And that's what's created this position that we're interviewing you for today.
text:Thank you very much.	labels:Any other questions?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:on that, you know, continuing down that that line of thought he told me about a time that you've been working in a team environment, experience conflict, and maybe how the I'm not concerned about the outcome, but I want to understand how you how you handle that conflict.
text:Alright, so I while working because, well, I haven't had that much more experience. But there, there was one situation where I was a lawyer, I worked as a cleantech and I was the only cleantech k taking care of two Fuller's so had about 24 patients. And they're like, what, only six nurses staffing both floor so we did that. Yeah, that was not a fun date. It was like two weeks after my realization. And so, you know, I was expected to do way too much with way too little. And, you know, I, I voiced my concerns I did the best I can	labels:do your voice your concerns?
text:I voiced my concerns to the nurse and in turn, they would voice their concerns to the nursing, ed. Ed at the administrative department, and then from there on with an amendment. Because I do remember hearing Well, yeah, cuz you can't, because that's such a huge safety issue.	labels:Did you feel like it would result?
text:It's great to that question.	labels:Okay, well, do you have any questions for me as your prospective manager?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You mentioned your drop ready? What does that mean?
text:Everybody have the knowledge and the means to do the position and apply for	labels:Okay, let's talk about your knowledge	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Why do you want to work for us?
text:When I saw the job advertisement, I became very interested. I have friends who are customers here. They said that they liked doing business here as well. I also feel that I'm qualified for the job.	labels:Why should we hire you?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:So I guess for starters, what led you to finding our job posting?
text:Well, I actually spoke with my aunt who did 30 years of freelance makeup artistry, because I've always been intrigued in it. So she told me, the best way to move from more of a retail type place to a freelance type job was to do a department store type positions, where you get more in depth with a specific brand. So that's where I'm really looking to kind of transition from being in a retail store where we sell everything to really narrowing down to throwing myself into one particular brand. And being a little bit more involved with that brand. And to do that, I need to find some type of freelance type job like through Macy's or a department store or something like that.	labels:What brands are you interested in?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I have worked in the healthcare industry for 13 years now, at all of my three previous jobs it's been crucial to collaborate with my colleagues.	labels:Can you tell me a little more about the collaboration you've done?
text:Yes. It's important to communicate information about patients when switching shifts and to synchronize with colleagues in order to be efficient.	labels:And how would you communicate this information on a stressful day?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:When I worked as a healthcare assistant, I worked with patients. I helped them with their basic hygiene activities.	labels:What type of patients are you helping with?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:And when it comes to being a doctor, are there any aspects of medicine or becoming a doctor that you're worried about? Or you think might be downsides to the job?
text:Oh, yeah, I think I think it's an incredibly taxing job, both in terms of the sort of hours that you do, and, and in terms of it being sort of emotionally draining, as well as, like, all of the disadvantages that come with any sort of like, person facing role. And it's some, sometimes incredibly difficult to deal with people that are emotionally distressed. And I think seeing, seeing people who are very unwell will be really quite difficult for me. But I'm hopeful that that's something that I will be able to talk to my colleagues about, and be able to sort of work through and, and continue to have sort of a, I guess, like a sustainable career in that sense.	labels:Thank you for that. So your second question is What in your opinion is your greatest weakness.
text:Um, so I think for me, probably my greatest weakness is that I sometimes procrastinate quite a bit before starting a task. And, and I realized that that is something that sort of holds me back in being able to sort of fulfill my goals. And as well as something that's sort of not isn't very helpful for medicine. And given that there's lots of situations where things are time critical. And so the way that I've started to try and think about that, and having done some reading on sort of procrastination is that it's a lot easier to sort of write down the feelings behind that, and then come to sort of a conclusion that getting a task done, and making sure it's, it's done rather than by perfect is the best way to sort of go about it. And so what I'm trying to do to work on that is to ensure that I write down the critical tasks that I need to get done, and sort of remind myself that like, done is good enough. And it's better than not done at all. Yeah,	labels:absolutely. And so you mentioned that you'd like to write down the feelings behind that. So is that something you do often? And why do you think that reflection is an important skill as a doctor?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Thank you for applying for the job and coming in for the interview. The first thing I would like to do is tell me a little bit about yourself and why I should hire you for this job.
text:Okay, well, my name is Timothy McNeil, of course, you know that by my interview, my resume, I've spent the past 22 years serving United States military, various jobs for management to coordinate services, supplies, logistics for certain units, and I was looking for a change of pace. So I decided to go back to school and further my education and get involved in the healthcare industry.	labels:Tell me a little bit about your education at Richmond Community College and your experience qualifies and prepares you for this job.	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:How did your previous employer?
text:I like the company very much. The people were very nice. And we all work together very well.	labels:Please tell me about your previous job experience.	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Thank you, Richard, What experience do you have which is relevant to this role?
text:User: I will support the team members and I will make sure that we all focus on achieve or objectives, or the experience I have is being able to plan and organize my work methodically, I'm very good at working under pressure, I enjoy working under stressful situations. And that is because I always plan and organize my work meticulously. So I know what's coming, I look ahead, and I make sure that I can achieve my objectives. Other experience I have is, is also helping my managers and my supervisors to achieve their goals. Obviously, your manager and your supervisor is always under pressure, you know, they have lots of commercial goals and objectives to achieve. And I understand that. So I will work with my manager and my supervisor, to help them achieve their objectives by being basically a high performing employee, and always putting the needs of the business first. So just to summarize, having read the job description, I feel I have all of the necessary experience to not only get up and running quickly in the role, but to excel also.	labels:Thank you, it's great to hear your comments there, especially about your experience working in a team. And for this role. working as a team is pivotal. And can you explain to him what makes great team in your opinion?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You have applied for the job as teacher. What do you think seems fun about this job?
text:I really love teaching kids. I gives me joy each morning when I go to work.	labels:What are the school subjects that you have taught the most?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What makes you fit well as a manager?
text:I believe that I have a good overview of things and I think that I can get the best out of employees.	labels:Do you have any management skills?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:When do you need to fill this position? When would you need me to start if I get the job?	labels:We were thinking in two months time. Just before the summer season starts. Would that work for you?
text:Yes it would work for me.	labels:Perfect. Any other questions?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:And so now what areas do you enjoy the most? Or did you Is it this event scheduling you were just talking about? Or is there more or less to it?
text:My favorite is the actual application actually dealing with the client, face to face person to person I really like Like I said, I'm creative. I like to be able to show the client what I can do I get a lot of young girls come in, they don't know what you know, they're still starting out and they don't really know what they're doing. Or I'll get very a lot of older women who come in and you know, they don't know what to do either. So I like to kind of teach other people what I've learned through my experiences, besides you know, being stuck behind the desk or something like that. So I really like the hands on experiences the best	labels:So what did you find challenging about the job.	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I used to do a lot of group assignments when I went to school. I always favored group assignments to working alone.	labels:Why do you think that is? Why do you prefer working with others instead of alone?
text:I like being able to consult with my co-workers and help them when it is needed.	labels:You mention consulting with co-workers. How capable are you of decison making without supervision?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:My first job was exciting. I used to be a babysitter.	labels:What was special abouut your first job?
text:It was such a special feeling when I recieved my first paycheck. It felt good knowing that I had earned the money all by myself.	labels:How old were you when you got your first paycheck?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Do you have a drivers licence?
text:Yes, I have a drivers licence.	labels:How long have you had your drivers licence?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I have some previous experience working with sick people.	labels:Could you give an example?
text:I have experience working small children, and sometimes they would get sick.	labels:But have you worked in the healthcare industry before?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I do from my previous employer. We worked together in creating some of the most beautiful cakes in the city.	labels:I see, do you also bake in your free time?
text:Yes I do, but it's not good for my health eating so much cake all the time!	labels:No, it is important to keep yourself helthy.	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Can you tell me about some of your hobbies or personal interests?
text:I'm usually very busy taking care of my children and doing housework. When I do have free time, I like to read and listen to music.	labels:Could you tell me why you've decided to leave your current job?
text:Well, there are problems inside the company. Some of the managers do not agree with the company policies.	labels:Can you be more specific?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Yes I do have one question. How many people are wokring at the same time?	labels:There are about 20 people working in one shift.
text:That sounds like a lof of people.	labels:It is, but there are a lof of patients. Any other question?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What makes you fit well as a nurse?
text:I am kind, and I like the field of medicine.	labels:Have you any experince outisde of medicine that you think would be valuable when working as a nurse?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:When my past employer allows our family members to shop with a discount.	labels:How much discount do they allow?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I think I am a good fit because I dealt with a lot of eating disorder cases before.	labels:What are the typical age group had you helped who were diagnosed with an eating disorder?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I don't have any previous jobs. I don't know.	labels:What do you think is a good workplace then?
text:Fun colleagues to work with.	labels:What makes colleagues fun to work with?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:What are the working hours?	labels:The working hours begins at 4 AM to 2 PM including two 1-hour breaks.episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:If you are going to work at our cargo company, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I usually drive trucks alone but I interact with people who receive the orders.	labels:What does a usual conversation like between you and the people who receive orders?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I am a good fit because I have a passion for cars. I just like to work on them every day.	labels:Are you constantly in the garage even when it's your day off?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:what about applications? You talk about hardware? And also what about software?
text:application, we actually deal with many applications different but we usually use the operational system which already comes with the networking applications necessary for the for the creation of the land. For example, since we don't slide EA, they already came with us part of the EOS dedicated to networking. They even had this specific operational system for servers. And later on with that speed and sap VSA seven, they already were fully integrated with DLS. So it's really not necessary to download all the applications for networking, which you can already do this by only using the operational system.	labels:What are your thoughts on you know, you've got some good theoretical knowledge and coupled hardware and software as you obviously cannot change cards and drives etc, etc. What would be the advantages of hiring you full time as opposed to outsourcing and just you know, calling them up and replacing?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I'm a hard worker.	labels:The job will require some heavy lifting. Is this a problem for you?
text:Not really, I'm big and strong.	labels:Do you like to lift weights?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I am a very organized person. I like a task that requires me to work on catalogs.	labels:What tasks did you perform in your past employment?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Could you describe yourself briefly?
text:Sure. My name is Andrew Wilson. I'm 30 years old and I'm single.	labels:Describe your personality to me?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I liked my job as a kindergarden teacher.	labels:What made that job so good?
text:I liked my colleagues and the atmosphere.	labels:Did you do anything outside work with you colleagues?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I love lifting crates.	labels:Could you be more specific?
text:Yes! I see lifting crates as a free workout.	labels:Do you like to workout?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I like solving problems and identifying what's wrong with each car.	labels:Do you have any specific routine when checking what's wrong with a car?
text:I usually do a safety check-up, no matter the inital issue that the costumer has. I do this to ensure that my costumers are safe.	labels:What does your safety check-up include?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:Yes, I am used to work with others. In all my previous positions I have worked with others.	labels:What have you worked with before?
text:I worked as a firefighter before.	labels:Where did you work as a firefighter?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I like to see cars working again with the help of my hands.	labels:What is your dream car to get your hands on?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I really liked when I did volunteer work.	labels:That sounds interesting. Where did you do you volunteer work?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Well, you've been here for how long?
text:I've been here for one, more than one year, just one year.	labels:So what have you been doing?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:You have applied for the job as a bartender. Why have you applied for this job?
text:I have applied for this job because I have heard it is a nice place to work at.	labels:Do you know anyone who has worked here previously?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:How long have you worked as a bartender for?
text:I have worked as a bartender for 3 years.	labels:Have you got experience working any different jobs?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I really liked my apprenticeship. I learned a lot.	labels:What have you had the most use for that you learned during you apprenticeship?
text:How to make a great Pavlova.	labels:Do you make it often?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Have is your education help with your work?
text:It taught me the basics of accounting and also about business. It taught me how to solve problems and how to work hard.	labels:Can you tell me about your previous job experience, please?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What is a weakness that you have?
text:weaknesses, when things are going aren't going my way, I tend to like stress myself out to the max. And I just don't know where to go from there. But then when it all comes down to it, I can pick myself back up.	labels:Can you give me an example of an accomplishment you've had and what that tells us about you?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Do you have any questions for me?
text:Yes, what is the starting salary?	labels:The starting salary is 35,000 a year plus benefits.
text:And what are the hours of the job?	labels:Well, the office opens at 7am. Most people usually take a one hour lunch break around noon, and then leave about 4pm. But the office doesn't close until 6pm. So you can stay later if you'd like.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Will I get to work with other things, beyond the cash register?	labels:That depends on the terms of our agreement.
text:What would my monthly income look like?	labels:We'll talk about payment later.	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:So Philippi? How are you today?
text:Fine.	labels:As you're aware, we wanted to take a moment to thank you for coming in to share your knowledge and expertise and as well as getting an opportunity to clearly demonstrate as well as communicate your skills and abilities. And at the end of the interview, we're going to allow you some time to ask us any questions that you may have. So you were quite comfortable and fully knowledgeable of the position that we're currently recruiting for, we're going to probably start off by asking you to tell us a little bit about yourself Philippi. As you know, we read a book we read about you in paper format, but we're more interested in hearing from you, in your own words, by telling us something about yourself.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What have you worked with previously?
text:I have previously worked as a cleaner for 2 years and I have worked in a warehouse for 5 years.	labels:Great, what do you enjoy about working as a cleaner?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I love working on cars, they are my passion.	labels:Do you have any specific car you like to work on?
text:Not really, although I do enjoy sports cars a lot!	labels:What is your favorite sports car?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:Once a costumer came in with a Ferrari. I was very excited to work on such an excellent car.	labels:Have you gotten the chance to work on a lot of high status cars, other than the Ferrari?
text:I've only worked on those types of cars a handful of times.	labels:Are you more careful with the repairs, knowing that the cars in valuable?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Can us give me an example when you've worked as part of a team?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:If you are going to work in our shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I always coordinate with the people in the stockroom to ensure that they give our customers the proper size they need.	labels:How do you communicate with people in the stockroom?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:If you are going to work as a mail man, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I often organise parties in my neighbourhood. We are often 3 to 4 people who plan everything from the food to the music.	labels:What is your role in those planning sessions?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I have several years of experience in terms of sales and retail.	labels:Could you tell me more about how that experience can be useful in this job?
text:I worked in a grocery store for many years and I always had a positive attitude towards the customers, it made them return.	labels:A positive attitude is always good. Do you have any other skills that would be beneficial to this job?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:How long have you been working for your former employer?
text:I've been working there for three years.	labels:Why do you want to leave that job?
text:I'm looking for a company where I can contribute more and grow. I'm ready to take the next step of my career.	labels:What exactly made you apply for this job at our company?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I worked on a women's boutique for three years.	labels:Why did you leave your job?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I really liked my work tasks, they gave me meaning.	labels:Which work task did you enjoy the most?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:You have applied for the job as car mechanic. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I like cars a lot but I want to focus on working with electric cars.	labels:Why do you like to work on electric cars?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I am determined to work with patients and to give them the best care that I could possibly give.	labels:That sounds good. Is threre anything else that would make you suitbale for working with patients?
text:I did not really understand, could you repeat that?	labels:Sure, Is threre anything else that would make you suitbale for working with patients?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I think that was when I worked as a teacher and I got to see the kids in my class understand a new subject. That was the best experince that I have ever had.	labels:What kind of teaching did you do?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:And do you have any questions, comments or anything for me?
text:I guess I'm just looking at how soon you're looking to fill the position.	labels:We are looking to fill it as soon as possible. And there are a few number of a number of other applicants. But after looking through all of your experience and prior knowledge, I feel like it might set you ahead and so I'm just going to review everything with my colleagues and we will be able to get back to you within a few days. Hopefully regardless, we'll get back in touch with you. Um, so yeah, after looking through everything I'm very happy with. I feel like you'd fit in here as well. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Can you give me an example of one of your strengths?
text:Yes. When I was a student I had problems with a physics class. I didn't give up though. I got a tutor and studied really hard. Finally, I passed the class with an A.	labels:Do you have any examples at work?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I have a junior baker with me back in my home country and we worked together for three years.	labels:Why did you leave your job in your home country?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:What are the clinic hours?	labels:We serve people for eight hours 7 AM to 4 PM.episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Let me ask this final question. Or do you have any questions for us?
text:Well, I mentioned a couple times about being interested in helping grow a market for Rei. I'm just curious as a new employee, or someone starting out on the lower level, how open is upper management hearing the ideas of an employee?	labels:We do try to have monthly meetings where we meet with a variety of employees at random. So these aren't things that are necessarily scheduled, but regularly they're very, they're very semi annual. They're very informal. We do like to hear our employees opinions about our products, especially and about marketing. One thing that we don't necessarily do is the lower level positions that are dealing maybe with collections or you know, the intake and distribution of customer service calls. We don't necessarily talk to that group of employees very often. But I'd be very interested to hear your opinions on that. Should you be hired for the position and maybe ways that we can do better as well by reaching a larger group of our employees to benefit our company.
text:Okay. And then last question, for me, what from your perspective is the best part about working for Rei.	labels:I think the work atmosphere with our company is very welcoming. And even in my position, and somewhat upper management, those that I work for that are above me, they're very, we're very good to our employees. And I think because of the treatment of our employees, we retain employment. It's very easy for us to get things done because people want to do their jobs. I have worked myself in positions where I've worked underneath people who were more tyrannical in nature, and it's very difficult to want to do more and go above and beyond what you need to do in those situations. So I believe that that's the number one benefit of working in our particular company is the atmosphere itself. Great.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:So where do you see yourself saying the next five years?
text:I want to work for a firm that is a strong team that I can learn from and that is energizing, that is working on cases that are, you know, setting new precedent and, you know, challenging the status quo and finding new ways to help people through the legal system.	labels:Okay. Excellent. Excellent. And what do you know about us that makes you want to work with us?
text:Well, I have an interest in bankruptcy from my experience. And so I'm very excited about that possibility to see both sides of the bankruptcy law and federal courts because I haven't done much with that. And I would like to do litigation, more litigation support than I have been allowed to do. So that the bankruptcy part is very interesting, and the sec. requirements are new to me, and I love to learn things. And I think that there are lots of things that go on, pertaining to sec regulations that people should be more aware of. So I would love to learn about that as well.	labels:Wonderful, wonderful. Um, is there any particular area of the law that you really want to stay away from?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What makes you fit well as a baby sitter?
text:I enjoy to play, epescially to lay puzzles.	labels:Do you have any younger siblings that you have taken care of before?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What makes you want to change career paths at this time?
text:Well, sometimes you come to a certain point in life where you feel that you are ready for new challenges, and a new day to day life.	labels:I see, and what interests you the most about this job?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:So the question I asked you is if you were given the task of setting the promotion, where would you start and what would you do so I've just outlined a whole bunch of them for you. Are there others?
text:Where and the maybe our department store has a lot of information about our VIP so for example you are so our VIP so I can I can go over your information what what do you like and what is your interest in some kind of	labels:I want to I want to work with you on that I live up okay, I'm the eternal Yeah. What this product is Make money. want lots of customers to buy it? Where do we put it? How do we promote it? And how quickly can you do it? Those are my three questions. Or he texted me all that and I'm giving it right back to you. You're my assistant, you're my marketing specialist. So I need to know what you're going to do not me. Because I mean, if I have to do it myself, why would he hire you? make sense.episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:What is the working schedule?	labels:The schedule will be five days a week, eight hours a day starting at seven o'clock in the morning.episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:This position requires you to work in a team of carpenters, have you got any experience with working in a team before?
text:Yes, I have worked with teams of carpenters before.	labels:Do you prefer working in a team than working alone?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Sure. Sure. So which, do you have a preference? Do you like the traditional going to the office everyday face to face?
text:I think I will use a hybrid from here on out because I do. I'm kind of getting a routine and working from home. And, uh, I like some of the flexibility to work late into the night if I'm really rolling on something. But then I do, like, come into the office and printing. It seems like, there's you know, it's, there's so much printing. So,	labels:yes, I've definitely gotten a lot more creative with my eye, not printing as much as possible. I guess that's a good thing. But oh, my God, that's definitely that I agree with you. That has been one of the biggest changes and hurdles, I guess you could say. So I did look over your resume. And why don't you kind of just give me a summary of of yourself, you know, summarize your resume or your professional background?
text:Yes, so I have mostly worked in social services, through my career in community organizing, and I worked as a director for an adult day center. And so that was wearing all kinds of hats. But I would categorize my previous experience as social services. And then I decided to get into the legal field. And I went back to school for my paralegal degree, and I will complete that in August. And I also started working for the legal aid, Land of Lincoln legal aid, and that really, yeah, it was a mesh of the two passions. I think that helped me make the decision that I wanted to switch my career to the legal field from social services. And I still get the great feeling of helping people and in the, the knowledge of the legal world.	labels:And am I correct? I noticed on your resume that you assist a lot with like, the whole expungement process. And so that's definitely a method of helping.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Hi, welcome. How's your day going? so far?
text:Great. Great. Can't complain.	labels:So we'll just jump right in. Thanks for bringing a copy of your resume. I actually had a chance to review it. So I want to ask you a couple questions, if you don't mind. So first thing is it looks like you were in a temporary role with YouTube, correct?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:To start off with this interview. Can you speak something about yourself?
text:Sure, ma'am. Currently, I'm in the final semester of my biomedical engineering course. Or during my school years, especially in class 12, I was equally fascinated by biology, physics and maths. For a while I thought of taking pre medical entrance exams. But then I decided to pursue my career in a more modern and multidisciplinary subject.  I got 86% in my class 10 exams an 88% in my class 12 I was awarded the National Talent Search examination scholarship in class 10.	labels:Well, thanks, Samira. This is a good deal of yours. Well, tell me something about yourself. I mean, apart from studies.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:If you are going to work in our car shop, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I have always worked with my father on various cars. We like to discuss all things related to cars.	labels:Is you father a car mechanic as well?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:If you are going to work as a firefighter, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I have worked as a firefighter before and we used to work in a team.	labels:How many were you in your team?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Do you offer on-the-job training?	labels:Yes. We will train you basic things about the shop regardless of your experience in the past.episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I had a job where I had wonderful colleagues. It made more fun to go to work.	labels:What makes good colleagues for you?
text:These colleagues were very energetic and efficient, and we joked a lot at work. It kept the moral high.	labels:What other traits do you see in a good colleague?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:If you are going to work at our cargo company, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I am coordinating with people who assign me orders to deliver and also with people who receive the delivery.	labels:What kinds of orders do you deliver?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Okay, excellent. Now, I always ask a, kind of a two part question. So and you kind of answered this already, but I'll just ask it. And, you know, like I said, a lot of times are coming to the firm for assistance, during a very traumatic time in their life. And with that being said, sometimes that, you know, stress can be high, how would you handle a situation, if a client came into the office and, you know, right or wrong, you're probably the first person they're going to see their main contact, and say, they're rude to you.
text:That does happen quite frequently, unfortunately, because they are stressed. And they're confused. It's a, you know, there's so much jargon and they don't know what's going to happen. And, you know, remember my tone, especially, and try to ask questions to get information so that I can understand their their question because they a lot of times don't even know where to begin with, you know, asking for help. And then, you know, just say, You're not the only one that's went through this and it will be okay.	labels:Excellent, excellent. And, and kind of part two of that questions, because you will have such an interactive relationship with each individual, you're going to know a lot about their personal life. How would you handle a situation where, you know, a client would say, Nicolette, what should I do now?
text:Gosh, that happens a lot with a rent because people want to know if they have to pay the rent. And all I can say it's very hard. And sometimes I have to say it over and over again, for them to understand that I cannot tell them whether or not they can pay their day should pay their rent. That's a decision that they're going to have to make based on their situation. And so you know it. Sometimes I feel like I'm a broken record whenever I'm in those situations, because it's tempting to say, you know, this, but it can't. So I just have to say it and be firm that that's all I'm going to give you.	labels:Yeah. Excellent. Excellent. So from your resume, I can see you have done very well. And obviously, you've done well. Professionally, you've done well, in your education. What advice would you give to say, new paralegal student or student in general? What are some of the keys to success that you think are necessary?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I have taken truck drivning lessons since I was 16 years old.	labels:Do you still take lessons?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:So Well, hello. How are you doing today?
text:I'm good. How are you?	labels:I'm Excellent. Excellent. So did you was the link Okay, did everything work? Okay, signing on?
text:Yeah, yes, I was able to log in easily. And we've been using a lot of zoom meetings here lately. So I think I'm becoming a pro with this.	labels:So how have you adapted to the online? Have you had to use that a lot in your current position?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I'm interested in handling shipping orders and working efficiently so that the cosutmers recieve their stock as quick as possible.	labels:Could you go a little bit more into detail, to help me understand better?
text:Of course! I myself am not a fan off waiting months to recieve my online orders. I therefor want to prevent that from happening to others.	labels:What's the longest you've ever waited for an order?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?
text:I love clothes, I consider myself a fashionista.	labels:I see, what do you love about fashion?
text:I love the way I can express myself with my clothes.	labels:Do you think that you could help others in our store who have a different clothing style than what you have?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I am very effective in my work and I work hard.	labels:Could you give an example from a previous job where you have been effective?
text:I was very effective in terms of re-organizing the bed department at IKEA. I did it all in two weeks.	labels:What was your role when it came to re-organizing that department?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:this is so we say setting up for events. So any particular area or any particular product line by clothing, jewelry, perfume, anything, right?
text:Yes.	labels:Okay, so the marketing people decide they want to have an in store promotion on perfume. Yeah, the decisions made we want to we want to push this particular line of perfume wherever it may be. So you'd be part of a team that would want to set up the Display area set up in supplies, have people come in and meet and greets and I would you like to sample some of those, that sort of thing. Okay, so that being said, how would you go ahead and approach that if you were given that kind of, we want to do a promotion for perfume, and let's call it What's your favorite perfume?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Perfect. Okay, so why do you want to become interested in the banking industry?
text:By I had the opportunity to work out when I was studying at university, I had the opportunity to work in a bank. And that job, I realized I was passionate about it. And I discovered that I really like to work in a bank. How can people work with numbers and the content that we have every day with people? I was really glad about that.	labels:Okay, so what do you want to do long term, so you don't want to be a clerk, you don't want to be mortgages to investments, you want to run a branch? What do you want to do?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:That's great. Thank you. So could you tell us a little bit why you want to work here with us?
text:I'm also at the stage in my career where I see myself staying with the same organization for a long period of time. And because from what I understand, during my research, you have very ambitious plans for the future. And I would like to be a part of those. Finally, I have and I understand that you hire lots of talented and bright people. So again, that's good for me, because I will get to work alongside some people who will push me and they will challenge me. And that's great for my long term future career plans. So those are the main reasons I see myself being here for a long period of time. And I will be able to grow as your company grows as well.	labels:Thank you, Richard, What experience do you have which is relevant to this role?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I like working physically and driving a forklift is fun.	labels:And do you have a forklift license?
text:Yes I have a forklift license.	labels:Good. For how long have you had your forklift license?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:I think so let's hope. Okay, so And also, can you tell me a little bit about yourself?
text:Sure. I'm 36 years old. I recently graduated from Penn State with a bachelor's degree of Science in Nursing. I decided to go back to school a little later in life. So I did do it while I had my three children, and kind of made a career change, which I'm very excited about. And I think it was a great experience. And I'm looking forward to getting in the workforce.	labels:But okay, now, can you tell me about your greatest strength?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:That's good time is everything. Okay? Now, why should I hire you for my company?
text:You should hire me because I feel like I'd be a really great asset to Geisinger community Medical Center, I'm willing to work, you know, a variety of hours, especially being a new nurse and just starting out, I am very passionate, but all I can do into everything I do, is I feel like I'd be a good fit.	labels:And then do you have any questions for me?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Please tell us about yourself. Probably you could tell us about your education first.
text:Well, I graduated the Department of oilfield development with high honors and was qualified as Master of Science in petroleum engineering.	labels:Well, your education sounds great. Mr. Darcy. And have you got any experience? Have you worked before?
text:Certainly, I managed to get a job in reservoir engineering and got my first job at research center called the oil. I'm currently a principal technical expert at clusters industries, where I handled our top performing client. Before that, I worked as a principal engineer for a large tech company called oil tech and was involved in the most important projects of oil and gas deposits.	labels:How long have you been working for clusters industries?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What kind of hours would you prefer?
text:I'm flexible, but I prefer to have the weekends off.	labels:Would you be willing to work one day during the weekend?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I am dependable, I show up on time and I always work to the best of my abilities.	labels:When do you get up in the morning?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:What shifts are currently available right now?	labels:We have morning shifts and night shifts available.episode_done:True
text: 	labels:If you are going to work at our cargo company, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I worked in a restaurant before and I relied much on co-operation with my coworkers. Co-operation is important to me.	labels:Co-operation is always important even if a truck driver spend much on his or her time alone in the truck. Are you ok with spending much time alone?
text:Yes, I like to be by myself on the road.	labels:Is there anything else you like about this job?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:How do you deal with stressful situations at work?
text:I've had many stressful situations at work. I always try to stay patient. Therefore I'm feeling stressed. I breathe deeply to calm down.	labels:Is there anything else that you do?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I liked my first summer job selling ice cream at the beach.	labels:Great, what did you like about selling ice cream?
text:It was not the ice cream specifically, more to work outside, and seeing all the kids being happy when they got to buy an ice cream.	labels:Did you work at the ice cream stand during many summers?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Hello, Mr. Darcy. I am Emely, head of reservoir engineering department. Nice to meet you.
text:Pleased to meet you Emely.	labels:You are applying for a job as a technical manager, aren't you?
text:Yes. I sent my resume for this position.	labels:That's good. You have a wonderful resume. We made this appointment to speak about your personality traits and your professional skills. Please tell us about yourself. Probably you could tell us about your education first.	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:You have applied for the job as baker. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I love baking. It's my passion, and I would love to learn more!	labels:What do you want to learn specifically?
text:To learn more types of bread.	labels:What types do you already know?	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Whats your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:I worked with a nice manager in my second job. It was great.	labels:What made your manager nice to work with?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:There is a hole in your resume around the year 2014. What happened then?
text:I was on maternity leave and after that I did not find a job immediately.	labels:I see.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What would your previous coworker say about you?
text:easy to get along. bubbly attitude. means business wants to get the job done.	labels:Okay. What would they say is the thing that you need to do a little better? We all have those things we can improve upon, what's the thing that you're working on?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What is your long term goal?
text:My long term goal. First two years, maybe I'll start learning. Like, learn about my job, and then learn as much as I can. And maybe like the neck after two years, I will start do and I mean, do what I have to say excel in Word, and then hopefully I get to be in supervisor kind of position. That's my goal.	labels:You can tell me what is your strength?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:Yes. I worked as a bakery team member before. We work closely with our bakery manager.	labels:What are your responsibilities as part of that team?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:If you are going to work as a baker, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:During my internship, I was assigned as a helper for the senior baker at a cafe.	labels:Can you tell me what skills you acquired during your internship?episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:You have applied for the job as a warehouse hand. What do you think is interesting about this work?
text:I like to work on administrative tasks in inventory controls.	labels:Do you have experience doing inventory work on a computer or manually?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:You have applied for the job as a retail worker. What do you think is interesting about this job?
text:It's interesting to keep the store always neat and organized. Eye pleasing to the customers.	labels:What store duties have you done before?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:What is your weakness?
text:Definitely lack of motivation,	labels:Yeah, what times you like motivation?
text:when I'm at my downfall I would definitely lack of motivation. Okay, I will feel I don't want I don't have the motivation to complete this thing.	labels:What do you like? What do you not like?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:What kind of cars would I be working with?	labels:Out customers have all types of cars, so it is hard to say exactly.episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I have all the skills and experience listed in the job description.	labels:What do you think is your greatest skill?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:And something I also I want to ask you, you know, we're looking for an executive assistant here, and you won't be the owner. So I just want to be transparent is that there really is no room to go into a separate category if you take on this business. So I guess, you know, is that something that you're okay with?
text:Yes, no, 100% understand, like I, I really, you know, like to stick to my skills. And I think I'm stronger than them. And I have no interest in really branching out to anything that's not relevant to my skills. So absolutely, I wouldn't, you know, pull out that all of a sudden, I'm interested in marketing, and definitely satisfied by EA work. And what I really enjoy about it actually, is truly the organizational aspect. I've always been someone who is very meticulous, and I love to keep things organized, both for me and for other people, which is why I think I'm good at it, you know, and things can get stressful, especially with executives out there. And I think it's very important to keep those skills home. Awesome.	labels:Okay, cool. So I think that's great. Now I want to backtrack a little bit. It looks like you are with data from 2016 to 2018, which is great. And I know you mentioned the reason for leaving was because of layoffs. What were you doing from December 2018 to may 2019?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Do you have any computer skills?
text:I'm familiar with Microsoft Office. And I've worked with Windows NT.	labels:Do you speak any other languages?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:How far out do your drivers usually ship the cargo?	labels:The shipment is limited to inside of the country.
text:So I won't have to drive outside of the country?	labels:Exactly, we do not provide international shipping by truck.	episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Is this a regular job or an on-call job?	labels:We both have open jobs for regular workers and on-call workers. Which one do you prefer?episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:Okay, so Jane, we want to do a promotion on productivity. And once you've set everything up, tell me how you go about thinking organizing your thoughts and setting up and bringing in the resources the people materials a little bit.
text:At first, my marketing the strategic one. The first one is respect for VIP because The product is not the cheap one, and the really expensive one. So if if the product perfume, the candy is coming to our store, maybe I can send a text or some post to our VIP. So come to our store to see that you can, you can get a chance to try this perfume. So at first that is for for the VIP. So because our department is towards the 1% of VIP decide of 50% of the outcome to the person that does the work. So first, I want to respect our VoIP. And then the second one is that nowadays sn SME is up, everybody can use a smartphone. So the application is a really popular method to the marketing. So I will make some the application for our department store, and then the approach to our customer. So that is a kind of promotion skill is kind of algebra. So So at first, I want to respect our VIP and make an application for the various kind of people	labels:generically, which means at a very high level you're responding, but I'm not hearing the specific the how, how are you going to get that customer experience? How are you going to promote that product.episode_done:True
text: 	labels:If you are going to work in the healthcare industry, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I do not really have any work experience of working with others. But I have done some school projects with some friends.	labels:I see, but you must have encountered some colleagues in your previous jobs.
text:Sure, I had some colleagues at my previous jobs, but we never worked together.	labels:I do not understand, how can you now have worked together with you colleagues?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:Is there anything you want to ask about this job?
text:Aside from baking pastries, what other tasks should I expect to take over?	labels:Some other tasks that you can potentially take over include mentoring your acquaintances.episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:If you are going to work in our warehouse, it is good if you have experience from working with others. Can you tell me a little if you have such experience?
text:I have worked in a similar warehouse before, with around ten colleagues.	labels:Why did you quit that job?episode_done:True
text:I'm a little nervous but we can start the interview now.	labels:What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
text:My co-workers were the main reasons I loved my previous jobs?	labels:Do you find co-workers and the social environment at your work important?
text:Yes, very much so. It makes cooperation much easier and the work environment more pleasant.	labels:Are you able to do a good job even if you do not find the work enviroment to be pleasant?	episode_done:True
text:I'm excited about this interview.	labels:So what are your strengths?
text:my strengths are hardworking and persistence. I have an ability to inspire, organize and direct people.	labels:Sounds great. Okay, that's enough, I think. Well, Mr. Darcy, do you have any questions for us?
text:Well, yes. Does this job usually lead to other positions at the company?	labels:Sure. I can't see why not. It's up to you, Mr. Darcy. Anything else?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:What makes you a good fit?
text:I think I am a good fit because I worked at a hospital before.	labels:How long have you worked at that hospital?episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Okay. What would they say is the thing that you need to do a little better? We all have those things we can improve upon, what's the thing that you're working on?
text:Coming off are not coming off so hard for them individual things. Like if you make a mistake, you know, why did you make the mistake and try to find out the root problem of it and then teach them better on so it didn't happen again.	labels:Okay. What do you think it takes to be a good employee?	episode_done:True
text: 	labels:Um, could you give me an example of how you handled a stressful situation?
text:When I come upon a stressful situation, I think it's important to step back, look at the big picture, and analyze where you need to go and how you need to get there. So it's just it's a matter of time, and it's willing to work you'll get there.	labels:That's awesome. Why should I hire you?	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for having me!	labels:You have applied for the job as a truck driver. What do you think is interesting about this job?
text:I have good driving skills.	labels:When did you first learn how to drive trucks?episode_done:True
